Thanks.  So, it's **required** for the iPhone to be on WiFi?
Thank you for the clarification. Pardon my ignorance, but what exactly are IPv6 services?
Yeah, it's pretty weird! Like i'm testing it right now and that's what it's doing... Can you check on your device ?
I don't want to deviate from the original topic, but it turns out that I am signed into my iCloud account; given this, is there anyway to retrieve--or reset--my password locally without my original password/security credentials?
So, if I delete the current app, then create a new one, what are the repercussions? What will happen to my users? Will I be able to use the same name for my app?
Thanks a bunch! I wonder why this is not default or an option for Russian.
I have read your blog post and it looks very interesting. I was wondering whether the $ amounts in the second column of the example (labelled "comm.") are actual revenues that came from that referrer or is some inferred value?
Thank you, Kevin. I assume this means the change was relatively recent since I did not have the issue until I updated.
Awesome, thanks for the advice. Did you go through the apple store to upgrade your ram/put an ssd in? Also, how long do you expect yours to last until? Your right it is a huge money grab (1500$) to upgrade my mac, but lets say I put ram and an ssd in and then my battery shuts it down after 6 months.. How long do you think I got left on my mac (Been 4 years, no failures no problems with battery). Thanks
Looks like it's currently indexing (I'd assume it takes a bit of time), however, I have a follow-up problem regarding the server. It seems like I have to do your procedure for every group, and I can't just do the whole server.
So i can repartition my Disk? To do that, should i delete my Windows first? By the way, thanks for the answer
Worked like a charm. Can't tell you how grateful I am that there a such wise ppl or there willing to lend a helping hand. Thanks againHowever I do have one more question pertaining to you answer about WiFi. When the wiki says that the package has to be built on a system with the same kernel version, does that mean if I'm trying to get WiFi on a system running ubuntu 15.04, then the package must be built on that same version?  I'm guessing since I don't have WiFi, I need to go out and purchase a thunderbolt? Or am I mistaken about the meaning and I can build the package on the osx system?
Sure, failing several times could happen without computer.... I guess he didn't notticed (little cousins around).... Also bad part... no computer... no backup.... *grgrggrrrrrrrr*Screenshot is from internet, iPad is complaining in Spanish, but is almost same, and message is exact... so I guess you're rightI called him and confirms, he didn't failed with passcode... there is another possibility around?
Thank you, it worked. Do you have any idea why Single User Mode could fix this and Recovery Mode not?
Thanks for this info, wish I would have known this before.  So my options are to switch out the 256 drive, or remove the raid.
Very nice! One question from a osx novice: how do I put it in the dock? I tried dragging it there, but it didn't stick.. It is saved as an Application (and it works :)
ok thank you what about whatsapp backup, if i dont restore it will it ask for that whatsapp backup when i use whatsapp to restore that backup ?
Just curious, why it needs to be executable for the owner?
What advantages/disadvantages does compiz have over Xubuntu's default composting manager?
Many thanks fossfreedom, now it is working. Only at 3. not the model but cnijfilter-mp550series!    Also still in cups the button search for usable printers does find nothing, it is there under the button printer adjustable.Last question: have i to do something to let the "cups-people" know of this bugs? Also i spent now nearly two days frust with this, i would like, if others could avoid that frust,
tnx alot for your good answer but can you guide me more ? i wanna surf internet without any filtering ! you know in my country there  are some problem with ..... and we have filtering system ! how can i surf the internet without any filter and safe and secure ?
thanks! and one more question-can i do it easier with programes like "gmount" or "furius ISO mount"?                               you're making our day! (i'm trying to learn those phrases (: )
Thanks! Just wonder if you also know about various common versions of Java and their corresponding java plugin for web browsers? Is there such a list?
Does a java plugin apply to several browsers, such as Firefox, Google Chromium?
Thanks, that helped :) one more question about the "how to do that": So I can simply release under the MIT license but still set a price in SoftwareCenter later? That sound's a bit weird, but I guess that's the way to do it?
Thanks for the quick answer. Can i know more precisely How much RAM can I save by disabling them *(if I disable them)*?
Excellent answer jokerdino. Just a quick question, you mention that apport is not enabled by default yet I get a popup crash report window every time something crashed. Isn't this apport?
Wow. Thanks for that link. I'd be sure to relay that. But for the meantime, are you aware of how I can workaround this? `file://` does not seem compatible when host is Windows and client is on Linux (unless I misunderstand). Or am I left with no choice till we're not using `file://` anymore?
thanks! okay, this makes sense now. Just needed to wrap my head around permissions for owners, groups and others. Am I assuming correctly that Apache will automatically take on the group permissions for any sites under public_html?
Good answer Andrea. I tested the main server services I'm using (Apache, Mysql, etc) and they are working fine. But in my inside I now something could have been broken. That's why I'm thinking more on "undoing" than in "upgrading". But I don't know if this two options could get worse my server instead of fixing it completely.
Thanks @gertvdijk, very useful, actualy I don't want to mirror the Debian/Ubuntu official repository, I want to mirror [cloudera CDH4](http://archive.cloudera.com/cdh4/ubuntu/precise/) and [Cloudera manager 4](http://archive.cloudera.com/cm45beta/ubuntu/precise/amd64/cm/) repos to setup a cluster of 30 node. Both repos contain packages from all versions of the tools, and I find troubles mirroring only the parts that I really need (last version), every package have some dependencies but I can't find them, is the mirroring tool reponsible about finding and downloading this dependencies?
Thanks, you know any way to get the pre-installed image? Couldn't find it...
You know if a company is offering hosting and services for Big Blue Button? Or we have to host it?
can i install it offline?? and how do i do so? whats the command?
Thanks for the help! I was thinking of writing a loop to replace it but i didn't want to alter the file name. I guess I will stick to your idea as the use of quotes such as "" is affecting my file location.i removed the for loop and used the "cp -- "$f" "${f// /_}";" it works on the cmd however when it is implemented in my bash script i received a "cp: cannot stat `       /1 2 3.txt': No such file or directory" error. Do you know why there is a large space inserted into the file location?
what would these programs be ??its capturing through my vcap
Does grsync support webdavs? I tried entering my davs/ webdavs address in source or destination. It did not work :(
wow, this was really helpful, thanks a lot!!one more thing: can I remove the Desklet-action which has no influence at all the same way?
Where do I go to download the deb? The other PC is Windows XP. Where do I get Linux package?
so how I enable Yasm in ffmpeg?
Ok, thanks for the answer. There is still one more thing, namely: why in 'normal' conditions you sign/encrypt a message with public key and encrypt with your private key (e.g. e-mail conversation but when it comes to packages... exactly? How does it work ?
Is the bug with inability to detect packages required to build the source described anywhere for reference? Yes, another level of indirection, but it makes tools much more intuitive for users.
Wow thanks a lot. I'm going to try that out. Is it also possible to take space from msftdata which is the biggest partition and create a new one out of the free unused space? This way I wouldn't have to erase any of the partitions I already have right?
Perfect! I just have one question though. I was shown to use tail as: tail -1 random.txt to show the last line of something. What does the -n mean in this command?
That's a good idea. Will do next time. Btw if I have an iso image of windows in my downloads,  can I mount it from the terminal? And install it from there as a dual package?
Do I need any special entries for the .install file
Thanks! Is there a big difference between native only and native, builtin?
Ok cool I have done the usb thing before. Will unity desktop environment work?
Awesome, @NGRhodes. Now, beyond the obvious directories, are there any hidden files or folders in the home directory that I should not delete prior to refreshing?
Thank you @karel, this does seem to be the general security information floating around and I am familiar with this but I think what I am looking for is more technical information to understand cause and effect. I think this is something I should have specified in my question. I will updateWould you be able to also suggest how I can reduce the scope of this?
Ok I think the initial problem is for me to understand what all of those doors and windows are and how many of them there are, so I think the best approach is for me to delete this question and somehow ask a question that will identify those elements. Once that's done I will do as you suggest.Before I do that, do you have any suggestions that will help identify those aspects?
Thanks. I have downloaded parallel, now I am not sure what next I should do?
thanks, I chose to install package only as I don't want to break php or any other package that virtualmin is relied upon. When I do dpk - i xcache 3.1 from ondrej repository I get the following error: php5-xcache depends on phpapi-20121212; where do I get it?
Out of curiosity - why would you want an additional package manger besides apt-get?
thanks, I will try using the .img file directly to try to narrow down the problem, but based on the documentation here: http://docs.openstack.org/image-guide/content/ch_introduction.html it seems like a UEC tarball should be directly supported.Thanks, using the *-disk1.img works (I wonder what the .img file in the tarball is for?), but now I seem unable to login to the instance with the SSH key pair I told openstack to associate with the instance. Where is the documentation for these images?
I added various alternate trackers but they shows same results "Could not connect to tracker" on the other hand, another machine on the same network has no problem connecting to trackers and downloading from peers. Could be I'm missing some libraries for network routing/connections?
thanks. i don ot have any internet connection such as cable .how to download that from windows and installing in ubuntu?
So lets say that it is impossible to syncronize two machines/computers in a nanosecond level?It doesn't  has to be real time..i just want them syncronized..
Thank you, it works great and the pc is more responsive.However I would like to show the login-screen to enable the IT personal to login to the lightdm, as they need to setup wifi connection on first use. Any ideas?
Can you use a different mail service to send emails?
Thanks for your reply Nik. Do you known if there are any plans to provide Ubuntu SDK 14.10 to Ubuntu 14.04 ? I love my tahr =)
I don't specifically know what are the softwares that are corrupted or incorrectly deleted by me. I am looking for some command or utility that can auto scan my files and remove unnecessary hanging files in the disk... Can I do it with synaptic?? I already have it installed and it seems like the Add/Remove Programs in control panel.... Also the terminal command gives: 0 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded.
Please can you look at the auth log and tell me how i am looking? please
thank you that gives me sense of piece. thank you for your help and should i install antivirus? is worth it.
This hasn't changed anything. Can somebody tell me if what i've got is actaully a graphics driver error or is it an issue with grub?
Thanks for that answer. Does your model support pressure-sensitive drawing?
I used default installation. ./configure make and make install. So should I uninstall the gtk3.12.2?  All the gtk3 files are installed to /usr/local/lib  and i see both gtk2 and gtk3 in /etc
previously i installed both of them via sources. Should I uninstall via sources and reinstall via apt-get.?Uninstalling gtk3 SOlved the problem. Thanks for your support.When I tried to change to unity greeter: I have installed lightdm-gtk-greeter and it presents the login screen, where I enter password and enter: the screen is blank for 2-3 seconds and it loads the same login page. This repeats.here are the logs of /var/log/lightdm/lightdm.log http://paste.ubuntu.com/8816878//var/log/lightdm/x-0-greeter.log http://paste.ubuntu.com/8816910/Now I am trying to shift to unity greeter and not able to do that. Please provide your supportstuck with this problem now- http://askubuntu.com/questions/545776/lightdm-gtk-greeter-keeps-loping-into-login-screen   can you please take a look into it
I was wondering , will I have to turn on UEFI for the activation of windows 8.1 product , then this could cause a problem?
I read the documentation you provided, but couldn't figure out what is an unit in sclk? sclk 37500 means 375MHz? and mclk 150000 means 1.5GHz?
Nope straight up `apt-get install nvidia-current`. Figuring out `nomodeset` was a pain though since I had never done that before. What are `xorg-edgers`?
Laptop .. I ran the intel installer (https://01.org/linuxgraphics/downloads/2014/intelr-graphics-installer-linux-1.0.7).  It said since I don't have an I9 (I have an i7) there is nothing to upgrade.  Do you think the bug is in that driver?
Thanks! Is there a place to find more information about the command itself, not the bundle file format?
But i am not abl;e to mount NTFS file System...i Tryied with following command :mount -t ntfs-3g /dev/sda1 /mnt/usbis there any other command ?
It is displaying output correctly but I want to write the output to same file. So, is it possible??
basically the rule says you can have 50 incoming connection per minute. all other will be dropped ? what does limit burst does then ?
Well the confusion is that why one should use ubuntu server as OS hypervisor host and ubuntu core as container hypervisor host. Why not use ubuntu core for both types of hypervisor?
Thank you @Maythux, tell me please is vlc even lighter than mpv, mplayer, SMplayer or Gnome Media player? Unfortunately Gnome Media player doesn't have the feature for subtitles search.
Excuse me @Maythux, I am asking again, tell me please in your opinion is VLC more lightweight in using hardware resources than mpv, mplayer, SMplayer or Gnome Media player? Unfortunately Gnome Media player doesn't have the feature for subtitles search. Regards.
Thanks, that's reassuring. How do I confirm that I'm only using this on my private home network? Sorry if this is a dumb question, but this is all very new to me.
Thanks for your answer! Unfortunately, even with the commands from the linked question my system is still crashing regularly. Do you happen to know when the driver will be "released into mainstream"?
I have saved the files in the Ubuntu home folder that was important to me,  Is there any way that I could recover those file ???
Thanks but is how do I use those programs?
any work around if I dont have the windows dvd?
thanks for the reply. I could disable the touchpad with that commmand of yours, but is there a way to make it permanent? The moment I restart, it is reset.thanks for the answer. That post is almost a year old....I dont know if it is okay for newer kernel versions or for the laptop that I have. By the way.....do you know why "touchpad" indicator crashed in 15.04? I typed "touchpad-indicator" to check what causes to crash it, but it wont start. It says command not found
hi there. School is more important. :) So...no worries. I have just tried the deb that I downloaded. Installed it using the software center, but it keep crashing. I type "toucpad-indicator" and it keeps telling me "command not found". Really weird. Do you know how to install it from the ppa?
Isn't this is an installation issue? It looks like this is about specifying a solver during installation steps, action that apparently could not be acomplished correctly.
Thank you. Do you know what sda10 is and if I can delete that safely?
Thanks. How can I bring the process's window to the front?
If I can't  bring the process to the front, can I save the unsaved change to the file opened by the process?
how can i edit for f in "${arrFiles[@]}" so that it give files in subfolders? :)
which web browser do you use? Chrome doesn't work for me.
Hey buddy! Thank you so much. I tested your script and it works and it's exactly the code I wanted. But I haven't any experience in Perl programming. You think that I can realize it easily by reading some toturials?? Thanks again :))
Thank you! I now get the following message after trying to reach 192.168.2.3:8080 -> ERR_CONNECTION_REFUSED. How can I resolve this?
Thank  you so much for such an explanatory answer. So, after having all these steps performed, I will have a Mysql running on that machine right?
Ah, OK, thanks. I'm not very familiar with SSIS, but I guess the next obvious question would be - any chance of using command line with SSIS to get the names (or is this more suitable for another question)?
I will experiment with page size and server memory and report back (may take some time).  Also, Derby documentation suggests multiple writes in one transaction (turn off autocommit, write a bunch of records, then commit).do you know of any performance comparisons for MySQL with other databases?
Thank you! I think I found where it happens, it's a SP: StmtCompleted event that reads `sp_dropsrvrolemember [NPTAD\vmuser], [sysadmin]`. Does this mean that somewhere this exact line of code is being executed or is this an output of the results of executing code?
so moving all clustered & non clustered indexes wouldn't hammer the users ?
@wes-stueve Thx for your answer it was helpful but I didn't use your solution. I use UNION which return results in two columns but then programmatically , subqueries or subselect consume a lot of resources. Now my query for COUNT looks like this `SELECT     COUNT(*) AS num_rows_cmvblogFROM    default_cmvblog bWHERE    (b.title LIKE '%86a7%'        OR b.body LIKE '%86a7%')        AND b.status = 'live' UNION SELECT     COUNT(*) AS num_rows_usersFROM    default_users uWHERE    (u.email LIKE '%86a7%'        OR u.username LIKE '%86a7%')        AND u.id != 1        AND u.active =1`@wes-stueve Now my question is should the same UNION works for get records from both tables using the same condition? I mean because this query will work for COUNT but I'm not so sure about the SELECT for columns
Thanks for your help. I never knew what INFORMATION_SCHEMA is, but how should I edit the table comment (e.g. info in INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TABLE_COMMENT?)
Awesome! Insertion method #1 and #2 performance is the same?(I think it should be)
How do I delete an event session I don't need anymore?
Perhaps I'm missing something. I would have an index on the ratings table even though it will always be in memory. My issue is do I add an index for each of the evaluation fields for an additional 25 indexes? Those indexes would only seem to help for a query that is looking for a specific value(s) in a specific evaluation, i.e. list of all employees who scored excellent on Delivers work on time. It may be best not to add any and then add indexes as the needs arise. Thanks again.
I tried reinstall PostgreSQL 8.4 but not see any locale selection in instalation. For select locale i can not use one click installer?
Hello, WBob! Excellent answer!!! and I confirm that removing IGroupes table from join bring the execution time to 343 ms - a very acceptable time for me. However, the next question is - why would it return actual rows about 600K rows? It is a simple table with 7 rows and it's inner join not cross join so why would it return above 600K records? It just contains IGroupID, Abbrevation and 2 other fields. Please suggest.
thanks erwin..how can i get the last row of the table i.e. the 100 percentile value? should i divide the rows into further more segments?
Yes VLF are managed internally, but I read Kimberly's article and found a statement "Transaction logs can become *VERY* fragmented"; fragmentation means too many VLFs or there are some other parameters?
The CTE at the bottom, could I replace the VALUES()()() section with incoming parameters? IE YEAR(@StartDate) etc
Ah, one complication in that case. The update could theoretically span multiple tables (IE the @ StartDate is 31/12/2014 and @ EndDate is 14/01/2015). The Update will at max span 2 tables under these conditions, however. Would it be worth just adding a check for the YEAR(@ StartDate)  YEAR(@ EndDate) and having it run the query once for each relevant table?
Thanks for the response jynus. I actually don't believe there was a huge change to begin with. I believe it crashed during either a table inspector procedure or a small dump.So is it possible that force-stopping the mysql process during this could cause an error? I certainly don't mind doing a recovery again since we're swapping to a far superior server which should do it faster.I have successfully shut down the service and migrated to a new machine. Did not need to skip anything, MySQl did some basic recovery stuff that was quick and went back online.
Hi Adam this seems to be quite complex process. I hvae one more question if you can give some guidance on it. We can set chunk size limit for a DB. But chunk has a limit of 250000 documents per chunk. My chunk size is 250 MB which varies the number of document in each collections. So normally some of my collections crosses this limit of maximum documents. Could you please suggest how should i do the calculation in this case.
Wow. I never even thought of that - and I didn't know about the SELECT FOR UPDATE (which I assume is the one I should use for your suggestion in my transaction). I guess I considered this method to be too unreliable for some reason in my head - but why would it be.Also - can't I just use"UPDATE accounts SET BALANCE = BALANCE + [change] WHERE ID = [account]" instead of the whole lock-select business?
excellent! now is this going to always have to scan every single row? Seems like it. Any way to do this without scanning every row?
I have now been able to build that query and it sorts it properly thanks! Now how can I build a DoCmd to send that report to those emails? I figure I am going to need a filter command to filter out the ID Number that is in the form and then create a String to place all of the emails in the the BCC area
Hm, `RESET_MASTER` is not working: `Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.09 sec)` and all the binary files still exist. When I try other commands (looking at this SO http://dba.stackexchange.com/a/47048/70573), I get the error, `Target log not found in binlog index`. What's the safest way to clean up those binary files?
thanks @aaron. I was missing the `execute as login` trying to use this query before post my question here. Thanks. Is there a way to select only the ( no collumn name ) =1?  What column is that?
Is it recommended to use this for Microsoft-shipped objects? Or is there anything to think about before?
Thanks @jynus! I added a key to user_id but that did not solve it. I wondered whether something happened during the creation of the database, so I decided to generate it again. The problem remains...something wrong is going on. Do you have any other idea?
Should i do this via console or are any other means to do this ? i am getting "Permission denied for relation xxx_yyy" message.
Thanks for you reply! I tried your suggestion but I can't do any operation on my database now. Maybe we're missing something about the privileges ?
You anticipated the master perfectly. You are a genius! Thanks for that! I have one more addition to this. I need one column lets say productname from master table in final select. How to add that?Updated the question.
Thanks for your answer! Just changed from Oracle to PG and was wondering why queries take that long, while oracles SQLDeveloper pages at queries like this.
Hi i have edited my question, basically saying I am able to somehow capture and view database operation with Standard Edition. Here i would like to ask, when you mention "Downside of Triggers" is increased write overhead, so it means it take longer to write an operation into a table. Does this happen to SQL Audit? I mean since Audit does capture those operation details in the external file, would that poses an impact of the write? or is it an independent process that won't affect the performance?
Is the above recommendation suitable when we change the AMM into ASMM?
Thank you for the help. This solution worked except that the 'name' field in  `sys.master_files` returned a value that I couldn't find in SSMS. I've updated my question to show the solution I used. Do you know why `sys.master_files.name` refers to and why that name would be different to what I see in SSMS?
What about tablespace compression?
Thanks for help Aaron, everything works fine after update.is it possible to install Microsoft management studio on Windows Server 2008 r2 datacenter?
this returns NULL for all my user defined types. Maybe it's the `systypes` table? I can see my types in that table but there are more types in there (e.g. `bit`, `char`, `date`). How do I tell them apart?
The previous senior DBA was not aware of this security concern (ack!) and I wasn't either until this post. I'm going to put together a CMS query to find all db files affected. Cacls seems like a good route (though I am going to look for something PoSh-based). @JohnEisbrener - have you had problems setting the ACLs on db files when locked in exclusive use? If so, what's the next step?
Thanks for answer! Practically, I have no knowlage in any paving, but that can be answered later. At first, I will need to clean those metal parts, maybe with angle grinder and some dremel. Can you sugges tany "Hammerite" rust inhibitor? Should I use it for all handrill parts? Good idea about clamps, that will be easy. Any good bitumen paint materials? Should I use asphalt board, as it was used before (in sill picture)? I will make more calculations about cement material, I have two sacks with cement already (will give model/type later).
Does these led bulb can fit on normal track lighting?
Thanks @Jason, I think we will put foam board over the batts in the lower attic.  Do you know what type of baffles you have to vent from the lower attic to the upper attic?  A 10' pre-fab baffle would be perfect, but those don't seem to exist.Did you worry about any fire hazards the foam board might cause?  Do you know the material?
I think I might have damaged some of the notches of the ditra in the process of trying to clean out the old tile concrete that was there already on the top so I might have messed it up already. It is very strange to me that they would use ditra in just that little corner while leaving the rest of the room with plywood. I would have liked to replace the sheet with a new ditra sheet but this stuff is pricey! I think I might just take out this piece and replace it with some ironply for that corner. These are large tiles (13 x 13). Do you think this is a good idea?
wihtin the NFPA 70 where would i find the exceptions? Also, here are some more particulars. On all 120v outlets in my aprtment, I have measured 56v from neutral to ground, i see my volt meter jump to 850v then 224v then 64v then 120v when i test voltage between neutral and hot (is this normal?) before it stabilizes at 120v. The 120v circuits reflect an open ground condition. I still believe there is something very wrong with the electric in this apratment building not just my apartment. any help in pointing me to the exceptions in the NEC - NFPA 70 would be greatly appreciated.
4x4's are a great idea. What all do I need between them and the concrete?
Any suggestions for a vapor barrier, links to products?
I'm curious. Any particular reason to reduce it's length before seasoning (other than the fact that 50ft is plain unwieldly)?
It's in Etobicoke. How do i know if it's munipical?
Is rusting of the steel wool a concern?
I tried finding stainless steel wool at HomeDepot and Lowes. Neither carries it but they do have bronze steel wool. It doesn't rust but would it interact with the steel (or iron) gas pipe?
My plumbing is pex. There are 90 degree elbows right before and after the water softener that I thought were rather arbitrary - see pic at link. What is considered long?  http://imgur.com/IBWXW4G
Re:16" OC, I can do that for weight, but the steel furring is attached to the joists via clips only every 3-4 ft along the furring and there is 2 ft between the furring strips.  Shown here as the 'staggered layout' [link](https://isostore.com/guide/how-to-install-resilient-sound-clips/).  With 16 O.C. can I do 2x5 or 2x4?  Do you know of a resource, reference, or standard calculation that can be done to find this?
Yeah, I am planning on filling any larger void (around 1/2 inch) with piece of plywood (1/2 or 1/4 thick plywood) and then glue and nail them in place whenever the need present itself (there are only two small spots that likely would need that approach). Yeah, I will try to make sure that the edges of the cmu do not intersect the edges of the plywood below and that the cmu are positioned perpendicular to the plywood..Does 2" screws seems appropriate to attach the first laywer of 3/4 subfloor to the joists, and then 1 1/2 to attache the second layer to the first layer? Thanks!
thanks, I'm taking note. I didn't knew about the existance of this kind of connectors but they look functionally similar to this one http://thumbs1.ebaystatic.com/d/l225/m/mq2CyT7DAHZVKAxU5mI40og.jpg aren't they ?
I wonder if mounting the hasp around the corner will have the same problem as mounting it flush, with the hinge allowing for side-to-side play. But I really like the dowels + inside barrel lock idea. In fact, if I have the dowels there, I could probably put a simple hook + eye on the exterior side or something as well. If no magic lock type turns up here in the next day or two I think I am going to do it this way. Thanks!Oh wait; would the lock-y part of the hasp (dunno what it's called; the loop thing) be on the front face of the door, or on the side of the box? It might work well on the door now that I think about it. I'd probably have to put a piece of metal or something on the edge under the hasp though to keep it from digging into the door.
Thanks for the detailed write up, Jack. I did try to jiggle the pipe from the top and don't even think it moved by 1/8", it is very set in its position but I will try again. Another thing I'm hearing mentioned is to try to use a bushing or a coupler? I assume that to do that, I will need to first remove the current drain/flange, correct? If I were to try, any suggestions on what to use, I searched for bushings and came up with a lot of different options.
Pardon fur asking, are there angled screwdrivers as small as that gap.?
Will this work with AC? (line level ±2V max.)
The simple current limiting resistor sounds nice. 6.5 ohms starts with (5-3)/6.5 = 300mA charge, which *5V=1.5W, so that does look like too much. 15 ohms starts with (5-3)/15 = 133mA, which *5V=0.66W . End charge is (5-4.35) = 43mA, a nice trickle charge :) . This means I could skip sensing the termination voltage, which eliminites my need for ADC on the µC (and a transistor), so I could get the smaller & cheaper atmega32u2. Or better safe than sorry and terminate charge based on voltage and temperature?
Cool, how do you control those lines from Windows?
You're right about the math being wrong - it would only be 1800W for the bulbs.  Are you suggesting cutting the groups down to 5 bulbs per channel and having six triacs instead of 3?  And yes, I definitely want to give it a shot - but in the safest way possible, which is why I came here.  Thanks a lot for your help, both of you.
Is that one suitable for differential signals? I.E. Could I use it to test some home made twisted pair cable?
Wow.. thanks guys ... I also have one more question. Can I change the pwm characteristics on the run via Usb commands ? Like I want to change the frequency as I want just by sending command over Usb instead of reprogramming the chip ?
Nice answer. Let me knock together a simulation of your 2nd suggestion to see if I understand it correctly.Would there be any advantage to using a rail splitter circuit un conjunction with my 1st circuit?
The fastest way is of communicating with external memory is SPI?
I'm sorry to bother, but do you have any website that I can buy an RS485 from? because now I'm working on the LEDs circuit, and according to my dr. I don't need to build an RS485.
Thank you so much for answering could you please providing me some example of "Maintenance Free Battery"
@Anido Ghosh, Does Lithium and Ni-Cd battery are Maintenance Free Battery?  Thank you so much for answering Anindo bhai.
That screw might just do the trick, since I don't have to secure it to the metal in some other way. How would it stand up to being shrink-tubed for water protection, would it heat up to quickly then?
But why does the voltage at the (Vin) of the arduino loses some of it's voltage!I measured the output pin of the (Vin) and it was around 1.3 v less than the supplied voltage!
Yes, stealing the car will be easy thing, but I am halfway through emulating transponder chip on the arduino. Hopefully no one steals it before that is done. Besides keeping already existing diode, would I want to have one more for a push button around Q1?
nice explanation that was I was asking for. but does the voltage from from 1 kohm happens in a scenario  where we have very long cable? thnx
I see. But taking that FSK-like wave, we can imagine that we can build it with 2 different frequencies (f1 and f2), plus a square wave of frequency (fs), making: sin(f1).sw(fs) + sin(f2).(1-sw(fs)).where sw(f) is a square wave from 0 to 1 of frequency f. Is that correct? With that said, one way to improve data rate is to raise fs (or reduce the square wave period). So, raising this shifting frequency will necessarily require more sideband when transforming to frequency domain?And one more thing: by chance this has something to do with GFSK modulation that uses smooth transitions from -1 and 1 before modulating the carrier?
I appreciate the graphs. That gives me a better understanding of what I need to look for in terms of wl. They will be used both in and out of direct sun.  The epoxy block around the TSOP assembly is designed to mitigate intereference somewhat.  Good info on the LED's.  850nm is within the range we can work with without serious modification.  Any suggestions on detectors?
that sound so cool. I am reading the spec. It seems that it is pretty easy to use. I just have one question. for the dev board, the MCU is integrated into the board so if I want to develop some product, I have to apply the who board instead of just the MCU to my circuit, right? So I cannot take the MCU off the dev board an apply them to other circuit alone, is that right?
OK I've made some adjustments and I'm getting ~4.85V output voltage from pins when they're HIGH and unloaded. I checked with a voltmeter. That's really cool. But here's the deal, I want to activate relay switches using these pins. However, they're not working. I'm using 05VDC relays, and they're working while they're connected to VUSB pin and also V3.3 pin. I don't understand why. Maybe current is not enough for relays? What should I do to make it work?
Thank you very much, you have been very helpful. Learned a lot. Can you suggest a smaller relay? Or can I use this board? It says I need just 15-20 mA driving power.http://mcdn01.gittigidiyor.net/11010/tn70/110106990_tn70_0.jpg
Hooo I see. Never found timing charts in the datasheet I was looking at. Thank you! Anything else I should consider in the Mosfet Bridge?
So, at high loads my zener doesn't regulate the output anymore?
What's the solution then?Does that mean I can't use this zener as a regulator for the load?Although I'm using a simple RF tranciver. It shouldn't be taking that much load!
Could you provide me with a schematic of the connection?
It is not mentioned in the data sheet as far as I see the max current for the zener to operate safely in the break down region!I have a supply of 8.4v along with the 5v. If I used it to power the zener, I will have a max current of 23mAp. The load consumes around 11.8mA. Do you think it will work in this case?I will try to do the connection as mentioned. Once it works I will accept this as an answer. Do I have to keep the 10Kohms R1? I don't have enough time to order a regulator as it is not available here! :/
I'm tied in that matter because the manufacturer does not provide units with other operating voltages, and its a specific actuator. What I am considering right now is: should I invest in a DC converter that can handle the inrush current surges (that will probably be more expensive) or the setup with a simpler converter and the battery can handle it?
Did I understand correctly that the patch plate is not electrically connected to ground plate?
Thank you for your reply. Is there a possibility of using an op-amp to convert to rs232 levels? While I have rs232-ttl level shifters, I have none for rs485.It in fact, works almost perfectly. The only problem is it seems to be idle low, shouldn't it be idle high? My decoder generates framing errors.Also, I don't want to make a big deal out of it, but how would I go _transmitting_ on the bus?
I'm impressed. How did you simulate the circuit so quickly? If it's not too much to ask, could you simulate it at 1V in and report the results? Many, many thanks!
I have no problem using IRF620, I can use IRF720 too just to be on the safe side. As for the diode I can always get the 1N4006 or BY500-600, just to be on the safe side. Won't the MOSFET heat up, if running for a longer period of time because I expect this will run for a couple of hours at a time, adding a heatsink to the MOSFET will help. As for the PWM, if the switch spends a total of 1 µs in transition each pulse, then at 25 kHz PWM frequency, which is 40 µs period, the transition time is 1/40 of the total. Does this look logical to you?Also I used the optocouplers for isolation, what about now, what can I use to make the isolation better?
It is very clear to me now. On the same lines could you explain me how we can get this current for different temperatures.
Yeah. I just read some articles about the power sequence.They told me to use power sequencer for the ADC/DAC or DSP. However, little mention about the opamp.So do you think it is very necessary to use sequencer for ADC/DAC as well as the opamp?
So it's not possible at all with the current source? what are iA, iB, iC ?
one more question, how do you find out ia, ib, ic ??
Ya I was getting very low current across the LED to be precise 75µA (as you said) while simulating this circuit that's why LED was not glowing. What should be done in order to rectify it ? Are you telling me that water will behave differently than the resistor ?
Thanks a lot. I have another question, I don't have a strong background on electrical engineering. What happens, if we CLEAR DDRA.2 bit in that step, instead of SETting it, and that pin is as usual configured for interrupts?
sir can you suggest any possible application that we can use in our Customizable UART?n please help.
Thanks! Both for the clever solution and the more expensive one, I wasn't able to find TSOP probes anywhere. With the Xbox tap were there no problems with signal reflections? I'd love to try something like that if it can be squeezed on to the board I'm using between the pins and surrounding components.
So the ring buffer is still a better solution then? With a big enough buffer length?
What am I comparing? The Vgs(th)max of the FQP30N06L is 2.5V while the same rating on the IPP50N10S3L-16 is 2.4V.
Ok, the Rds(on) for the FQP30N06L is listed at a Vgs of 5V. Is that what you are referring to?
How to match input impedance of the ADC and output of LPF?
My idea for using two resistors was not to force voltage ratings of them; however, using high rating one will solve it as you suggested. Though I've already got some good results, I'll apply your suggestions to the design. Is 20mA a strict value for the optocoupler operation? I've driven it with 10mA before without a problem.
Okay, just spent 20 minutes with that site.  Downloaded the PDF file.  Searched for `BLT.N` which I see on my debug screen.  Not there in the PDF file, nor did the search function of that site return it.  Is this documented ? Or is it one of the things that you have to pick up from guessing and asking questions online ?
I guessed at that part, although it was less than obvious in the documentation; so thanks for the confirmation. It really helps. My quandary now is:  What does the `.N` mean ?
Thanks for the input. The link you provided and the description made a lot more sense.One more quick question then, what is Vth?
so it should be very easy for a manufacture to create something like that and also fairly cheap right?
Thank you very much for this info. Children don't stand still. Not a minute ;-). As I understand it would be a problem if someone looks quite some time directely into the IR leds? Moving people that sometimes move their head to the IR leds but then looking back again, looking back a few seconds later, etc. Is that a problem, too? I have bought webcams with night vision. They have 15 IR leds around the sensor? Are these LEDs just way less powerful than the one I selected?
Thanks everyone :-) special thanks to David :-) now I understand the code a lot better :-)And one more thing, I am not supposed to use subtract sign (-  sign). Anyway I can subtract D from R logically without using the sign?
So ,is the power estimate of filtered signal and noisy signal signal a good estimate of filter performance?
Can you please help me suggesting that to achieve the max data rate of 52,734 SPS of the chip performance... what is the max trace length suggested to route the differential pairs of analog inputs from ribbon connector to ADS1278 analog input pins?
Thanks, isopropyl does seem like a good solution (sans hangover). Are there any particular safety considerations besides ventilation and removal of ignition sources, for example are some sort of safety gloves necessary, even if I wont submerge my hands into the liquid?
I got success in sending the same by using a separate WINDOWS machine. I was successfully able to send the API packet to another radio. But i faced one problem. On the other side, i am having a microcontroller and i am receiving char instead of hex. Like for `7` i am getting `~`. Or will i always get char on the other side?
Which best method for tracking by a light sensor or by time?
Great, I was suspecting that my VGS was so close to the threshold...If I use the third option (PMOS), switching the transistor with 24 VDC, I have to choose a device that supports a Vsg near to -24 V, which is a bit strange (most of transistors I've seen supports up to -20V). In this case, is there any problem if I place a zener on the NPN's collector to increase VSG?Thank you so much!
Apologies for not making myself clear. What I'm getting at is deliberate under driving and supplying a nice steady voltage to help in their longevity. I tried to over spec - in terms of output - so I could under drive. Then I realised I hadn't got a clue about how to drive them in a manner that delivers the longevity I need!So, would using an LM317 driving a 2n3055 even work? Is it suitable?
what is b and f in BCF b,f... im sorry im not familier with assembly language
so is it possible to predict the harmonics amplitude but specially **phase of those harmonics** (at least few one 3rd, 5th and 7th for example) based on the switching pattern !?is it possible or is it a dead end ?!
i thought about something i wanted your opinion on it, i thought about making a design experiments where i use a simple switching circuit, and i vary parameters of the switching control, and observe the harmonics (phase and amplitude), and try to run some AI algorithm on the data, may be it can give me some sort of transfer function that will give me the relationship between the switching parameters and the harmonics generated without having to model the system in an analytic way ? what do you think ?
Ok. I understand your point. Indeed having 2 power supplies that can be switched (when 1 fails the other is switched). I guess you are not saying both are turned on at the same time and one that fails is isolated by some switching. Also how does one calculate the MTTF of any system(SMPS,in this case) ?
Thanks for the explanation Andy. I would like the input and output to be biased at ground. Would I be able to buy a "dual supply wallwart"? I've read about creating dual supplies with a single supply, however stable circuits are quite time consuming to build.
It is very big in size it comes in a category of ac motor capacitor any other method ?I have heard that we can increase the current by reducing resistance how can we apply that on this
Yeah, it looks like I can set the prescaler to 64 to take the 84MHz clock down to 1.3125MHz. Divided by 256 that is about 5KHz per, so I could then set the "top" to be 6 to get 30KHz. Does that sound right? And then do you know if I can set the duty cycle resolution using analogWriteResolution() to set the duty cycle to 10-bits of accuracy?
Basically, I just need the PWM output to have a duty cycle that can be varied between about 3% and 10% in 0.1% increments or smaller. This PWM needs to have a frequency of 30KHz, and ideally could be varied between 30KHz and 60KHz in increments of 10KHz. Is this going to be possible with the Due?
Thanks.Now it makes sense of how a large .hex file is programmedBut what if there is no bootloader to do this? For example: RM57 by TI dont ship with a bootloader
Another doubt: How does the bootloader have permission to write into the ROM? (If the bootloader can obtain that permission,even any user code also can do that right?Like,code running from ROM rewrites another area in the ROM)
Did you mean that we can find the impulse signal after transferring time domain to frequency domain? I know what if I use DCT(Discrete cosine transform or FFT) then can extract the frequency information from time domain. BTW what is the relationship between DC,AC and impulse signal)? did you mean that the dc imply impulse signal?I think that you want to say " convolution".
Thanks for the drawings. They helped a lot. I will look into your question. After testing the pull up resistor, I am left wondering when I invert the inputs I do not get 0v like I was expecting. Why is this?
What I see in the diagram above is that with the first comparator the (+) voltage is always greater than the (-) voltage. The Second comparator has it where for the first 1v (+) is greater but then after it nears it's max the (-) become greater.Also, thanks for the 10K resistor idea that got the voltage down to what I was hoping to see. One more question thought please?  After I get my desired voltage out of my Comparator, how do I stabilize it so that I can use it on a load? Say I want to use the 12v Vout to make my horn go off on my car. The horn is about 15 ohms.
This seems like a great idea in terms of speed. Are there any factors of stability you can think of if I used a really fast op-amp?I like @OleksandrR.'s suggestion of using an op-amp with shutdown with this.
I see.. So using snubber is good for dV/dt but bad for dI/dt.How about using choke coil have any bad effect on dV/dt?In many dimmer circuits they dont have this toroid inductor. I dont know if it is really necessary.
Oh i didn't thank of that. Thanks for the tip!! Will this work with any opamp or do i need to use the 741?
Thanks for the speedy reply! So two isolated power rails will work fine? The MOSFET will work despite them being isolated?
Thanks for the clarification! On a final note, when picking capacitor values for C1/C2 what is an acceptable ripple voltage for the 555-IC?
Thanks for your reply. My sensor is actually a separate circuit board attached to a bldc motor controller, so is quite a complicated circuit, and not a simple sensor as in your diagram . I don't know how to upload files or I could send you the manual I have with both devices which might make more sense to you.Otherwise, is it ok to connect a separately powered 5v device to a separately powered 24 v device by connecting the negatives together?
with ref to figure 3, may i ask, why do we need an EMI filter and there is no prior rectification for it to convert from an AC to DC first?
This is excellent! How did you generate this image? I would like to do this with my design to learn more!!!
@ Sixto.Thanks! It is really helpful with thorough analysis. A quick question, if there's an ro (hybrid pi model) in parallel with gmVpi, would that make any difference? I purposely ignore ro to make things easier for me, but I am curious if there's a ro across current source in the same circuit if that would change the outcome?
As far as Cortex A is involved, the SoC will do more than just wireless so I need the complexity of this CPU. Do yo know a wireless chip with a PHY interface? It sounds like being a unicorn.
Awesome, do you have an example I could use as a starting point please?
ok. here is a simple question that may the answer clarifies something for me :What happens if we exchanges the positions of b' and b with each other? would that configuration create a rotating field?
sir  , I have drawn the vectors that results from something like that (pattern : abca'b'c') over equal intervals of 3 phase current supply and the vector of the total magnetic field was like that : http://i.imgur.com/l9rFgTJ.pngdoes that meen that the field rotates with non-uniform speed?
Thank you for your response. The circuit is more clear for me now. However I need more practice. Do you suggest any reading to better understand these concepts. I am still strange to concepts such as "positive feedback", "pull-up the voltage", and "voltage ramp down". Do you have any reagind suggestions?
Thank for your answer! I changed Cff and add Cout and I get the wanted valueWhich component can I use to replace the FDC5614P and support 2.1A ?
Thank you very much you've been very helpful, one last question. What guage?
Thanks for the reply. I don't see why to change the ULN for the TPL. ULN start at 3v which is why I expect as lowest input voltage. The P-Channel solution seems good, I have seen some post on the construction in stackexchange. Does the NDP6020P is a good one (MIC is a small packaging) ? For ATTiny I will work on it after I fixed the 0.8mA problem :)
Thank you so much, your answer was very helpful! One more question: do you think [the product I linked](https://it.aliexpress.com/item/1x-50mm-33-meters-0-06mm-High-Temperature-PET-Film-Green-Adhesive-Shielding-Tape-for-PCB/1040466603.html?spm=2114.46010308.4.77.zb2HyH) suits good for this process? I mean, do you think it is UV curable?
Do you know of any schematics that use few capacitors, or capacitors that are not picofarad or lower?What would happen if I changed the picofarad capacitors with say, a nano or microfarad capacitor or some value?
Thanks very much! I tried a lower carrier (100 Hz) and I'm now able to recover my msg signal; however with 44.1kHz sampling rate I can't recover it. If I'm going to modulate the 4 channels and have a gap between them (carriers 100 300 500 and 700) my highest frequency will by around 800Hz, so using 1kHz sampling frequency again won't work, correct? I'll keep trying with it, maybe I'm doing something wrong as it should work even with higher sampling frequencies.
I'm using matlab, it should be able to handle several carriers. What I meant is that with a higher recording sampling rate (44100) in Matlab, I couldn't recover the msg. I was trying a single channel only. This worked with 1000Hz sampling rate and a 100Hz carrier frequency though.Also, you mention DC offset, isn't that going to be blocked by the soundcard?
I will test and update with my results soon. Thanks!just a quick question,I am confused between buying one of these since I am not really good at it. Can you recommend which one will be suited for my purpose amongst these? Thanks for the help. goo.gl/TJPthV , goo.gl/7I4Ew0, goo.gl/wTdNP1, goo.gl/w7cqOv, goo.gl/WE3R70
Thank you for your answer. I think the actual configuration of my experiment is the Heavier Ground Path. Is it a good idea to connect it to EARTH GND?
First, wow, this is above and beyond what I expected. Second, I'd like to note a few things: The TIP73 is an NPN (I'm using a TIP41C in my design), although the old diagram I originally posted incorrectly displays it as a PNP transistor. Furthermore, I think you're stating that the 330-Ω resistor is not needed, albeit removing this resistor causes the LM317 to dump to ground, dropping output voltage to 0 V. Also, why is there variable input to the _Adjust_ input? Wouldn't we be more concerned with a variable input to the LM317's _Input_ input?
Works as expected! Thanks Greg! May I ask, what's the difference betweeen `$display` and `$strobe`?
Thank you for introducing me to this concept. I know about the Fourier transform and convolution, but this sounds very interesting. You say it is the FFT of the FFT, but Wikipedia says a cepstrum is the result of taking the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the estimated spectrum of a signal. Are both these definitions correct?
ok, i see the difference... for some reason the BIOS let me adjust the fan speed on 3-pin header too. The [screen is similar to this](http://i66.tinypic.com/ayomfn.jpg), so probably is just a fake setting. :) Side question: to simplify, can i remove the transistor and the leave pin 4 unconnected?
thanks. In this example, can we say that conditions to have crosstalk are : input source impedance > 0 and a signal from source = 0V ? Another question, in some cases, we can see such summing circuits : http://techtalk.parts-express.com/filedata/fetch?id=1170517&d=1449579955 , what is R3 role?
Thanks for your reponse. For crosstalk conditions, from calculation, we get Unwanted crosstalk on A = R2/(2*(R1 + R2)) * (Vsignal1 - Vsignal2), so we do not have any crosstalk when R2 = 0 (or Vsignal1 = Vsignal2)  . When doing a stereo to mono mixing, with same sources impedances, we will keep an output voltage of (Vsignal1 - Vsignal2)/2, so crosstalk must be taken into account only if signal 1 or signal 2 used somewhere in circuit, for example to drive a speaker. Is it right? For R3 role, could you detail your response with some calculations?
Thank you. Is this the circuit that you mean? http://www.circuitdiagramworld.com/uploads/allimg/201411/12-VOLT-DUAL-POWER-SUPPLY-550x299_555154286.jpg I have found an IC for that https://www.maximintegrated.com/en/products/power/switching-regulators/MAX764.html Which one do you suggest, fullwave bridge rectifier one or MAXIM's IC?
Doesn't the usage of medicine in the Native American context also have greater scope than simply 'medicine man'? For instance: "That is some bad medicine..." referring to a spiritual or psychological experience rather than some decoction of nature's materia?
This is interesting and useful. I was not aware of this alternative meaning or its negative sense. However, the word appears to be restricted to biographies. Is there a variant or an expression that might be applicable everywhere?
Excellent answer, Hugo. Given this early instance of the term in the fourth definition's sense, is there any chance that "on tap" def. 4 originally referred to the tapping of the pugilists' fists that marked the beginning of a boxing match, rather than to tapped and spigoted kegs of drink? The case for independent origin of the fourth definition becomes somewhat stronger given that the example you cite antedates the appearance of the third definition in Webster's ("on hand: available") by 45 years. Of course, instances of def. 3 undoubtedly go much farther back than the 1930s.
Thank you for your response. I'm on Windows 7x64, coding in C++ on Qt Creator and compiling with MSVC2010. I didn't realize that was a command line option. Is it possible to tap into that performance improvement when coding from the library?General GDAL/OGR gripe: most of the configuration and usage instructions on the driver pages are targetted solely toward commandline usage, whereas my use case requires integration of the GDAL/OGR library into my code. Is there a developer-targetted doc resource that I don't know about?
It doesn't accept this line of the code "qgis.utils.iface.actionZoomToSelected().trigger()"and also, how can I make the OSGEO4W the default python interpreter. Thank you.
any reference for this?
So in simple words, it is because of [angular magnification](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnification). When focal length of objective lens increases, angle subtended by the objective lens gets decreased. Hens magnification gets increased. Am I correct?
ok, with OpenSSL, how would you encrypt with a private key? I googled it and apparently anyone would be able to decrypt it.
@chi That book looks fantastic! Although I do agree with the reviewer that there are some conspicuous absences (simulated annealing & the various stochastic EM flavors). Kind of odd since it's in their statistics series, but c'est la vieAlso, are you familiar with Harville's matrix algebra book? I'd be curious to know how it compares with Gentle's. I find Harville a nice reference, but very dense. Just from the TOC of Gentle's book I like the whole part 2 being devoted to "selected applications"
Thanks @Bill, I had never heard of Duan's estimator. I will consider it for this study. In the meantime, I'm not sure if this is the right forum to ask this, but do you, or does anyone, know whether "margins r.D" and "margins r.D, expression(exp(predict(xb)))" in Stata would produce the average percent effect you mentioned above?
it is my first time applying for a visa so please excuse me for having so many questions. is there a section where i can attach a scanned copy of the removal notice? and should i attach both the NOTICE OF REFUSAL and the REASON FOR DETENTION or just the former?i have no supporting documents to provide except to say that i am very apologetic for not having been clear about my circumstances - is it still worth nothing this in part 9? and my english is not good so is there a sample anywhere that i cna look at? thank yuu so so much
how much will it cost to get it reviewed by a member of the uk law society?
Do you know of any docking solutions as an alternative?
Any alternatives that do allow it?
1 more thing, DriveDx says that the drive is "Failing" but in Disk Utility, the SMART status says it is "Verified." Which one is that is more reliable? Thanks
So I should remove the existing Ubuntu 15.10 first, then install a new version, right? How should I remove Ubuntu 15.10, is it different from the uninstallation which used manual partition when installed?
Thanks a lot for the answer! It worked nicely. But in the output console, I am unable to give any input from the user. Can you tell me how to do this?
Okay, I got it working.  In the upper right hand corner of the top panel, there is an icon that lets you select MATE.  MATE is EXACTLY what I was looking for!So, is there a way to set MATE as the default so I can set automatic logins and have Ubuntu automatically run MATE?
Sir, one more ques, why cant i do this with a live usb?
Aah that is even better! What if I replace the line in fstab with thid one will the stream folder be like you describe on the next reboot?
Thanks. I already had `software-center` installed. so I added it to my Unity launcher immediately above `gnome-software`. There are now 2 launcher buttons with the same icon. I would love to add a screenshot here, but I've never figured out how to do it in a comment using "mini-Markdown formatting". `[link](http://example.com)` (or variations thereof) never seems to work.
This worked for me , but is there any solution to display the list with the wifi icon ?
That's really helpful. I have only one device at the moment so I don't want to mess with my ESP at present. In this case, installing ubuntu with grub from a virtual machine using 'EFI boot on' as parameter should work I hope. A new ESP will get created on the M.2 drive. What do you think?
now the actual problem is partioning windows with ubuntu. and I want to uninstall windows how should it possible ?
Thanks for the link. I want to understand why my free ram is getting to 18 - 20 some time that time i need to drop the cache for my site to work. Also can you let me know where exactly / How can i see the cached pages?
Thank you for the reply.It is not a real need. I'm just studying, and I read that it would be better to change that value if you have a big transaction.So I tried but I got that error.Second question: 'innodb_log_file_size' is the same as 'innodb_log_buffer_size' ??there is the word 'buffer' more.And i'm on windows, so i do not have 'my.cnf' file, but 'my.ini' file
Harrison, the goal is to keep QA as closely to PROD as possible so testers can perform their test cases when there are new changes.  Yes, I did come across few posts about MySQL replication.  I have configured replication in MSSQL many times before and wasn't sure how complicated that would be in the Linux world since I'm also new to Linux.  I was looking for something simple but if replication is most efficient then I will read up on this.  ThanksJust read a few postings on mysql replication. surprisingly it doesn't look that terrible or complicate to setup.  In fact, it appears to be much easier to setup compared with mssql replication.  Are there any "gotchas" i should be aware of?  Better yet, can someone give "pros" and "cons" on mysql replication?  What about the log file it uses?  Will it keep growing & growing until you do something to it?
First off, thank you very much for the detailed reply and the possible answer, I'm going to try this out when I get home and comment back on experience. Second, holy-crap that's much more difficult than what I thought it was. I thought I was getting pretty close with a case statement but just couldn't close the deal. I feel like I have a decent grasp of SQL and then something like this crushes my confidence like an egg. One more question, you mention altering the table to add the columns to the table, would those columns be populated via a trigger once the original date is added?
Oh ok, I thought so. No, I am just experimenting and would just like to have everything running from my Linux machine.One last follow on: If I now wanted to access my database from within a Python script, would I just need to configure my non-sa account as you mentioned, and then install some driver? I used the ODBC Driver when working on Windows. In my Pyton script on Windows, I got my server name for the connection engine from SSMS which was in the form of `CPX-9GL9XXXXXXX\SQLEXPRESS`. How can I find this equivalent server name without having access to SSMS?
Thanks. They're not available here. Is there a good how to screw things tutorial with minimal damage?
Thanks Stanwood.I think you are correct as that yellow lead goes to the breaker that is used for the hot water heater.Can anyone explain the rationale for a grounded neural system? Interesting that apparently it's not done any more. This box was put in in 1991...
Very helpful, feetwet, thank you! Are there any criteria you would use to choose between the two configurations other than cost?  Would it be an issue to adapt to the 3/4 in valve? Seems we would get better performance w single function valve & 2 volume controls (even tho would requre the adaptor) rather than the multifunction valve? (I am deducing that the holes, literally, are larger in the former! and  engineering more straightforward..) I understand your advice re bottleneck, but would there nevertheless be advantage to the higher  flow valve? if not, am still interested in recommendations
How about if I also want to achieve 1,2,3?
Thank you @blairFonville for the latch explanation; that makes sense. I copied all the logic into all of the states and it did eliminate the latches. Is there a better way to do this than having the `cfgDIP` case statement in all the `prcase` states?
Got it! Another question for you, if the diode is there to block positive voltage from the inductor, will this not create a large build up of positive potential on the node between the inductor and diode?
are you able to advice the components that I have to change in order for the circuit to work? Will me stepping up the output from the pwm from china through a external boost converter able to help? Your help is greatly appreciated
Great! This seems to be cheapest of them all as well. Just to clarify, I would only be using the P channel MOSFET inside this package right. And in terms of wiring, G2 would be the "enable" active high signal from the arduino digital pin output, D2 would be the input USB 5V and S2 would be the output USB Voltage line which will end up being 5V with G2 is high and 0V when G2 is low.
So I wired it all up and the level converter lit up but the led strip didn't. To try to debug it I plugged in a single led (with a resister) instead of the entire strip and it worked. Do you think this could be an amperage problem? (I'm using the 5v psu that came with the strip).Nevermid. Specs say led strip should take 12v. "Forehead"
Many thanks, Sven and Andy.I have another question, however. What if I need the potential difference of a resistor for a voltage dependent voltage source?
Is the capacitor C5 the tank capacitor? The capacitor seems to be directly connected to the power supply through the RF choke. Even in simulations, C5 doesn't behave like a tank C.
Thank you for this. Cross-post is very helpful.  Just for understanding, if the horizontal was enabled with coil 1 switch on, would the bottom driver be ground? Also is there a driver that you could recommend? DRV8837? Thanks
Thank you so much for your answer. Can I use reflexive pronoun after boast as in the following sentence - "He was boasting himself".
Very interesting discussion thread! I am going to follow your styling advice. Just a final question: the last item must finish with a full stop instead of a comma, isn't it?
I like some of the phrases in the linked page. Specifically "Sidewalk shuffle". Is that a common enough phrase?
Thanks!  Do you know if you are able to disable mods in FTB? I don't really want a bunch of random mobs running around messing with me
Does a block that is dropped via cave-in replace a ramp on the tile it drops onto?
Thank you! Could you provide a short translation of the relevant part of each article? For example, I read the Google translation for the 1st article and didn't see where it mentions no level cap.
Thank you! I might be out of practice reading Google translations :)I have another question that you might be able to find/translate/answer (given your language skills, you might watch this tag for future questions). https://gaming.stackexchange.com/questions/294252/how-many-artifacts-are-there-do-they-have-any-effect
I logged in "ArcGIS Server REST API Login" with the token and tried to make Server connections with the URL, https://landscape3.arcgis.com/arcgis/rest/services/USA_Mean_Temperature/ImageServer . But I got message "The query returned no layers.". What's wrong with me ? Even if I use client Id and password for Authentication, it doesn't work.
Yeh, I have got it already. Thak you very much. Can you make an advice, how to make a spline using not the length of lines but by anount of lines of each cell? For example, I have 2 lines in one cell and 6 lines in another. Two obtain lines I use Split Line at Verticles.
Thanks again @BERA, for a quick response. I figured it out, but I'm wondering if there is a way to name the new feature classes after another field than the objectID field? I tried selecting my preferred field in Group by Fields in the Iterate tool, but that did not work.
Thanks! I was able to find the usage information in my account page. I also contacted Planet Labs to ask about this download quota. I'm actually downloading much less data than the quota limit, since I'm only pulling small sub-areas of interest using the gdal.Warp/vsicurl method in the docs. All in all it's about 7MB, not the 2GB/day. However it seems that the quota system considers the full tiles from which the sub-areas are downloaded (which are ~200MB each), so that's why I'm getting over the quota limit. Do you have any suggestions as to how to download many small scattered areas ?
I see. Thanks for the clarification, that's helpful for me to rethink my sampling strategy. Would it make sense to apply for Planet's Research and Education program for this data? That is, does the quota increase under that program as opposed to the Open California one?
Not work...I have paste my code in the ask. Are you from Madrid? xD
WoW! please, is there a way how to measure the relative orientation of one shapefile to another? i.e. beetle infestation from one year to another - do they tent to appear in specific orientation from the previous infestations? I thought to solve it by MBG, but this won't be true anymore...
You know, after quitting & shutting down the computer for the end of the day and then coming back today, I re-saved the polygon again and it was fine. I think after fiddling around with the CRS, you may need to actually *restart* QGIS before saving a polygon with it. So the CRS changes work fine for OTF, but QGIS needs to be restarted for it to save correctly?? Bug, maybe? I have them all well-named so (I'm fairly sure) I was choosing the correct one each time!
thanks! i got the customized coordinate system working and get the same results as http://www.whoi.edu/marine/ndsf/cgi-bin/NDSFutility.cgi?form=0&from=LatLon&to=XY. Not sure how I can include the altitude tho
Thanks, is there a toolbox that does this, or do I need to write a script?
This is amazing! It worked perfectly to plot the points along the line. Do you know how I would go about attaching the "name" value from the entry in the .csv to the resulting memory layer so other data can be attached to them?
I see.  Thank you.  Do you know how to figure out what units Precision is in?  All of my layers are in EPSG 4269.
Okay, that explains a lot...Is there any way to circumvent these restrictions? For example, with another file format?And could QGIS handle another format then?
@ThingumaBod I have not tried other formats, but I will give them a try tomorrow, tabular or comma (semicolon is for comments) will make life a lot easier. Regarding the python `str.format()` sounds promising, it is me who is still a bad coder. I will have it in mind if I ever attempt to write a plugin for QGISGreat! First time I execute an SQL sentence in QGIS. Just one more question. Is there a way to select the *inerior' of the line type data? i.e. only the vertex that are not the ends
The diagram makes things very intuitive. Why does the x axis in the rod's frame not rotate to keep a 90 degree angle with its time axis? Is this essentially equivalent to saying that spacetime is not euclidean but a Minkowski space?
Thanks! does intrinsic angular momentum have to do with polarization? is there a way to see this in the equation?
You are right @Floris, I should have paid more attention to the clarity of the  algorithm. I apologize for that. I thought it had more to do with my understanding of Physics, than the value of time-step. I would still like to pose the same question that I posed to Kyle, which is if their is a way to determine an appropriate time-step? And additionally, you mentioned dt being much smaller than the period, how would i go about determining that?
That makes a lot of sense right now, thank you very much for your answer and your reference!!!Can you please give a proof of the statement $:e^{ia\varphi(x)}::e^{ib\varphi(x')}:=:e^{ia\varphi(x)+ib\varphi(x')}:e^{iab\ln(x-x')}$?
Thank you very much. Do we have to assume that the angular momentum is zero then? The sketchy explanations I have seen in textbooks seem to write the $e^{i\mathbf{k}\cdot\mathbf{r}}$ as a plane wave expansion, then integrate (rather than sum) over $\mathbf{k}$ to get something like $\int\;dk\sin(kr)/k$, but I don't know what has happened to the anguar dependence. And it seems that they have already assumed that $l=0$!
So, if I understand correctly, you are saying that the wavefunction for the relative motion of the Cooper pair contains the ground state and higher-energy states within a single wavefunction?
Can the new absorption features of the crystallites be explained by new excitation possibilities, i.e. the photon energy is distributed over the whole crystallite?
Thank you for the answer! I don’t find the argument completely satisfactory, but I’m not sure I know why :). Maybe the question I intended to ask is more something like ‘phenomenologically, what does it mean to say that electromagnetism and the weak force were combined as the electroweak force in the early universe?’  There were no photons, only `B` bosons which later combined with a component of the `W` field to form photons. There must surely be some observational difference in the interaction of the elementary leptons! I could post that as a separate question?The wikipedia article https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electroweak_interaction displays two very different Lagrangians for the electroweak force before and after symmetry breaking: do these two different Lagrangians really give the same expression at tree level for two electrons scattering off each other?
I see now, that's a good explanation as I was holding luminosity constant. I was wondering in this empirical relationship, it does not tell you the mass-luminosity relationship directly. Can you please point me to a good equation where the mass loss-mass relationship can be shown taking into account their luminosity increase with mass?
Is this a licensed toy?
Is that quote from Judy or Peter?
what kinds of token format was used in old OpenID? any protection on the token itself?
I really want to remove the address/tel columns from the database altogether. I like the idea of the HTTPS page with secure login I am wondering would it be ok to instead of writing the PII to MySQL we instead write to and store a CSV file temporarily on server. The client then downloads the PII and has a check box to remove the CSV after download, would that be considered secure (as opposed to emailing in plain text)?
So it is correct that it is only logjam if the EXPORT cipher suite is used in exploitation/is allowed by the server?
Thanks! What does it mean that my browser can be fingerprinted? How can I prevent that and what is a browser instance?
So can if I uninstall chrome and the reinstall it with my vpn and only use my vpn, does that change my browser instance? Also you said this is if I access gmail through google chrome, what if I access outlook via google chrome? does that change anything?
So when a CA will sign my certificate the SPKI field will be the same?
Thank you very much, mdewey, in comments earlier in the thread, I got confused and had thought the advice I was given was that using such a model was unnecessary, but this makes things much clearer. I really appreciate it.I'm still not quite understanding why it's okay to treat arm as a random effect, when dbwilson mentioned it wouldn't be appropriate because "that would assume that the two levels of this variable that you observed are just two random levels from a population of levels of interest." Is that only the case if it were to be fit as a single-level random effect, rather than a two-level factor?
Thank you! Can you let me know about the assumptions made by these methods?
" $KL(p||q)$ is the expected difference.. single distribution" why do you do that? The expected difference in information would be to me $$E_p[h_p(x)]-E_q[h_q(x)]$$ I don't see any meaning in the expression $E_q[h_p(x)]$
Thank you so much for your answer. This definitely clears things up a bit for me. The polynomial for the question is of fourth degree Y = beta0 + beta1X + beta22X2 + beta3X3 + beta4X4 + error_term.For the smoothing spline it's only mentioned that it's more flexible (complex) than the other two. So if I understood correctly for the RSS of the training data when the linear relationship is true, RSSlinear >= RSSpoly4 >= RSSsmoothingsplines. Is the same true for the cubic relationship for the training RSS? Or is it hard to say if the underfit of the linear model on the true cubic will be worse than the overfit of 4th degree poly and smooth spline. For test data I assume for the true linear that the linear regression will have smallest RSS while the RSS of the poly and spline will increase.
Thanks! Is there a way of doing a completely randomized experiment but with each having a different chance of being treated? i.e., $p_1, \ldots, p_n$?
Great to see the step-by-step with graphs! So in essence it seems that the fitted values are just the actual + residual? Thank you!
The formulas for the `FPR` and the `FNR` you gave above are different from the ones I've found [online](https://gerardnico.com/data_mining/error_rate). Do you have a reference? As for the `omission` and `commission errors`, I got them from [this book](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Introductory-Digital-Image-Processing-Perspective/dp/0131453610). The problem actually with all these performance indicators is that sometimes you find different formulas for the same indicator, and it's one reason why I was confused.
Thanks a lot! I think this might help. I didn't know how to name a distribution like this. Are you familiar of any statistical tests that allow you to find whether a distribution is U-quadratic? Any Python/R/Matlab implementations that you know of might also be helpful.
can you suggest any algorithm other than k-means that can find interesting patterns from the data set concerning the time and level of pollution?
thank you so much, this is a very comprehensive answer. I feel much more confident in my model now. My only concern is when you say 'so long as the destructive sampling you mention does not affect the total number of snails too drastically', the sampling would have reduced the total population by approximately one fourteenth each time. Do you think this amount is small enough to not be of major concern? Also I see glmer no longer supports quasi- families, would an alternative to negative binomial distribution be an observation level random effect to account for over dispersion?
Thank you very much for your answer! I managed to fit a gamma aswell and generate data from it. I tried running some fitting tests on it but without success. How can I prove that this distribution is actually pretty good? Or is visual fitting enough and no need to prove it with numbers?
Thanks for the reply Henning. It is now clear to me that entry to mexico should not be a problem but i am still concern about the German Authorities. Since i got the visa for the purpose to visit Germany and now i am going to mexico but German airport will be my transit point. I want to know if there can be an objection raised by the authorities at the German Airport about the change of plan. Also, someone told me that one can only enter to mexico on a multiple entry schengen visa. Is it true?
Thanks, Nate. Answers my question. I will check Swiss Air again. I am flying FRA to HKG in A380. Whats the likelihood of getting window/aisle seat if I check-in 23 hrs before? Just curious.
My passport does not expire less than 6 months from entering the country.  But am I a third country national from the USA?
Such an asteroid would be visible for several years. No human means could stop or deflect it? Of course there would be damage and loss of life by trying to deflect (radioactive waste, falling debris etc ...). The video is really intresting !
And what kind of structures (Do we think) they would have built in these long-term settlements?
Thanks for the information. Do you have any recommended USB Wi-Fi adapters in a slightly cheaper range? I have seen plenty on amazon but am never certain about High Sierra compatibility.
This is useful. Thank you. Can you advise on settings to get the watermark centered horizontally and vertically and from bottom left to top right? I tried a few things - unsuccessfully.
Thank you - your answer is very helpful. BTW, my router (TP Link Archer) has 2nd 5GHz where can be selected DFS channels only - is DFS better than normal channel?
Ok I ran this command and I think that it installed some things.  But how or where can I find what got installed so I can use it??  Sorry, again for my ignorance!
can i try installing drivers. mainly i need my touch pad drivers dell touchpad
but i have some issues on audio playbacki installed the codec and music can be played from the video player but the default player didn't support that
thanks for your response. After install, did you find any option to boot Windows 10 in GRUB Bootloader?
It actually worked that time around, but at the end I still got a message saying '-r: command not found' after it successfully installed.  Thanks very much for your troubleIs the username the ubuntu username, or my windows user?
ok; thanks; what about gpg keys? are they needed? if so, can I just carry them to another computer or are they bound to this pc in some way?
Ooh, so that's what it can be. Now i realy can ping some intranet resources and google.com.But next step is adding subnets routes. I work in large intranet, so need to understand deeper how correctly add resources.And can be simple way to add bootable script that delete default route ?
wine dont work i cant launch it
Thank you brother I'm not good with tech so haha I'll figure it out. thank you very much but I have a question. Can I use windows after starting it in UEFI???
your answer with python worked perfectly for me. RegardsI also need to multiply the last two column which are `(begin time)` and `(end time)` by 1000 inside the text file before renaming, is there any way to do that?
**Thank you very much!** It's so frustrating that I never encountered these codenames before -.- _Could you help point me in a direction of a list of additional software like CUDA?_ Even if my GPU is properly installed, some software complain that "no compatible hardware was found" when I try to run them.
Thank you for the answer, this is an interesting approach - I will take a closer look at it. Do you know if there is a way to install the `B.deb` independent from dependency management, during installation of `A.deb`? I am thinking of running a small script as post install step to install the `B.deb` package.
OK, so how can I file a bug report?
I get the same errorThank you, installed succesfully but how do i add it to the launcher and dock. I have to goto the installed path to launch it everytime
Ah I see, that makes sense. I didnt see the 3 additional conditions down there on that doc, thanks for pointing that out! A follow up question, how did you determine the new precision/scale of 64,28? That doesnt appear to follow the rules on the doc you linked.Working it out myself based on the doc, I came to the precision of 51 and the scale of 47. Am I doing something goofy in my math?    precision = 32 - 14 + 14 + max(6, 32 + 14 + 1) = 32 - 28 + 47 = 51    scale = max(6, 32 + 14 + 1) = 47
I was considering similar "generic" approach but wasn't sure about columns specific to one `media` in the same table but could you write something more why `If you need a few columns specific to one media_type, that's OK` ?
one more question, so looking through the prism of hibernate that's just a `single table` strategy right?
Good point on the unique index. I'm expecting that the rows found in the `journeys` table with a given `purpose_id` will all have the same `user_id`. Is there a database constraint that I can use to enforce this?
Thanks Martin, you helped me a-lot really. It's working for many scenarios. Let me check for all types of Date Ranges and let You Know. Can you please let me know any alternative way of finding the same result set if any.? Because i need to check the performance aswell.
I think thIs is a great way to hide the boxes. Do I need to worry about condensation within the boxes?  Would the plan of running exposed conduit and hanging the fan off of a fan box be ok code wise?
Thank you for all the help! The holes seem to be like simple holes, there's no thread precut, unlike all the other holes. If I understand correctly,  I'll then have to find replacement screws for the 1-1/4" screws that would fit those holes? How would I measure the length of the screw to mm? I did a conversion and it seems to be a pretty long screw, which made me doubt in the beginning. I'm from the Netherlands and not really familiar with inches.. Thanks again for your help, I really appreciate it!
Thanks, I am satisfied with your answer. One last thing, could you point me to a formula for resistance? I would like to see all the factors that affect resistance
Thanks again. Any ideas how would I choose/construct materials which maximise 'resistance' (not necessarily resistivity), but minimizes discharge time?
Thank you, yes it would probably be better to use a switcher instead. We might have to reevaluate our choice of what seemed to be a simple but wasteful solution. We shall see what we can do about heatsinking, but it does not look great. Maybe I can conjure up a control circuit that will allow the switcher to start before the single board computer and MCU have booted, at least that puts me back in digital territory :D. But with the low current we can expect to manage with this circuit it might even be faster if we use the the onboard computer to control a switcher. Again, thank you!Am I correct in thinking that I can use multiple output transistors from the current mirror, each with their own ballast resistor (R4 & R5)? According to LTspice there is a very minor reduction in the mirrors output current if I add another leg to the mirror. So the current difference would be the resistor tolerance + a small part of transistor variations?
I managed to simulate your answer. Overall things work fine in sim. There are some questions directly related to your answer. Please have a look at if you have time: https://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/377121/questions-regarding-a-comparator-circuit-coupling-to-an-analog-switch Thanks
I gave DLM = 1, DLL = 97, MULVAL = 14 & DIVADDVAL = 1, If equation was the one with 16 in denominator, Calculated baud rate would be 7743, and Equation with 256 in denominator would give 2478. I checked the value in Keil debugger, and the answer is 2478. So equation with 256 is the right one.Can you tell me how you got the denominator as 256 by the info of U0DLL & U0DLM
Thanks for all the info! I'll need some time to digest all this. I didn't want to make the question too long so I omitted lots of details. The light has been on the ceiling of my living room for about a month now. It is powered by a bench power supply which sits on my coffee table... it's a dual channel supply and I'm using current knobs to set the brightness and color temp. I know varying the current will change the color a bit but in practice I don't find this to be a problem. This isn't a calibrated light for graphics design...The #1 requirement is: no blue peak. For a while I've been unable to sleep properly, always fell asleep very late. I've read about excess blue light from LEDs screwing up the circadian rhythm. So I picked these Yuji LEDs which use *violet* chips, not blue, this is relatively new tech hence the terrible lm/W and ridiculously expensive. However... it works, I'm sleeping a lot better now. I also love the excellent CRI, as you say 2700K is not optimum for color rendition, for this I set it to a more neutral white by adjusting the current.And... since you sound quite interested about LEDs, have you tried variable color temperature? I had doubts before trying it, I mean I read that the CCT that feels "just right" depends on light intensity, time of day, mood, weather, etc but before trying it I kinda dismissed it as new-age woo-woo, but it really works! On overcast days like today, matching the CCT of outdoors light is very pleasant.
Thanks Sunnyshyguy, The concept that flyback current travels in a loop was new to me. Is that why the EMI current isn't put straight to ground... because the current can travel through the ground wires back into the circuit?
actually the pin numbering is not important at all, only the logic gates that are visible in the IC diagram are. That way, it is easier to follow what is done inside that box inside of being limited to the abstraction level.By the way, would you kindly tell me which softwares can produce this kind of diagram?
I simulated your circuit and now Im wondering: If I get from EMI say 14V at the switch, it would result in exceding +625mV at the PNP base, right? Wouldnt this exceding voltage try to run accross C2 to the source, and if C2 is polarized wouldnt it break? (Im asking because I only have polarized ones left) Thanks again.I'll simply buy more polyester, thank you very much again for your solution!
Is it possible to earn more than 10 kills?
Thanks for this writeup, pretty cool stuff. Is there a possible implementation you know of regarding functions? I know this is valid in the 2.0 spec
Thanks for the swift and learningful answer. The paper you mentionned sounded a bit "technical" for my understanding (provided I have not a strong background knowledge on the topic) but it adressed the core point. Thanks.I actually wanted to reach people from UCL for further discussion regarding my research work. In case @radouxju is interested and available, please let me know how we can get in touch. Thanks!
Hi Mike, this works! It seems that my processing encoding is empty, so would this have implications if I just leave it in utf-8? In my processing options, the encoding setting has now the value 'Invalid'. Do you know why the default setting could be set to 'Invalid' in my case?
The answer is correct but how do I mark it as such?
Yes, I did come across that, but XSL is pretty hard to read. It also doesn't refer to BBOX at all. Can I infer from that there is no shorthand way to apply a BBOX without having to construct the whole Filter structure? (Whereas BBOX is a top level parameter in the URL)
Thanks, I will try this out and get back to the thread with results.  Is that true that 98% of values lie between 20 and 150 (as a general rule of thumb)?
Thanks so much for the updated answer.  Although your numbers gave me a completely black picture, it put me on the right track.  I used the following value "-ot Byte -scale 0 150 0 255", and it gave me a nice bright image.  You don't have to respond, as I've got what I need, but out of curiosity - do you know why that number worked?  If I go with a higher number, it starts to get darker and darker.Thanks!Also, do you know if there is a way to make the image more vibrant with color?  I think I have the -scale parameter down pretty well, but it looks fairly washed out now.  Thanks.
Very good. Do you know what is going on with the window in the other script as the question?Does it have to use Python parser?
Thank you for your solution and help. So how do I make the code that they can always see as long as they're in the viewport, regardless of the level of synchronization and zooming of the extra lines to a vector layer? I'm new to OpenLayers so I didn't understand much.
First, thank you for the explanation. This is far better than anything else I have been able to find in the documentation or in other StackOverflow threads. Did you figure this out yourself of did you reference it from somewhere else?  Also, can you say anything more about setRect()?  If it is getting overwritten, why do we set it in the first place? Also, after experimenting, I see as long as setRect() is called, the arguments (ints) for QrectF(int, int, int, int) don't really seem to do anything. Why?
Looks promising. Is it possible to export all the polygons that have overlaps into a new feature class?
Thanks! This is very specific and helpful. My one remaining curiosity is, does this result have any classical analogy? Or is it a completely axiomatic piece of quantum theory with experimental motivation (Wien's Law) but no theoretical origin?
I see!I think the small connection I was missing is the point you mentioned when describing the Virial mass itself. That definition makes sense in that it overcomes expansion at this mass. Thank you very much, this clears it up nicely.As a side point, is there a connection between the virial radius and the turn around radius?
Thanks! It's really clear, but you don't need the continuity for changing the integral and the divergence (is at least leibnitz condition)?
Is there anything that is staying constant through this process, then?
Never mind my previous comment. Ill try to put it in a better way. Is it all right to say that this graph is followed even when the process is not isochoric? As in, say after taking the temperature to 70 to 50-degree Celcius, I suddenly increase the volume of the entire apparatus isothermally. The pressure would thus reduce but will eventually get restored to the equilibrium again, hence bringing us back on the same curve on this graph. Right?
Is it fair to say then that interference which is superposition of waves can happen whenever two waves meet but they need not produce the beautiful interference pattern with alternate bright and dark fringes always. For that to happen, the sources need to be coherent and hence we normally see use of small opening.?
So if $\cal O$ has no explicit time dependence then why do we ignore the $\partial\cal O/\partial t$ term but not the $d\cal O/ dt$?
Thank you this was very helpful, I'm leaving it open for a bit in case anyone else wants to chime in as well. One question, what does $$\mathbf{v}\mathbf{u}$$ mean here? If it's a bivector that makes sense for the wedge product but not so much for the scaler product. Thanks so much
Thank you. If the unitary matrix is randomly generated (say very simply like http://www.dr-qubit.org/matlab/randU.m), could you comment on why I only need $N$ parameters now (the diagonal entries) whereas before, I needed $N^2 - 1$?
What is the problem with feasibility of the experiment? Charge the aluminum plate (for instance using capacitor), take laser pointer (red light) and light intensity detector (for red color), so the reflecting light luminosity from plate can be measured as the luminosity of the reflected spot.
For all of the rotational motion problems I have dealt with, I guess I've just always assumed rolling without slipping. So this situation depicts one where there *isn't* rolling without slipping, and thus the link between $a$ and $\alpha$ is broken.And as for the second situation, as there is no normal force between the two, even if the first disk starts spinning in place, am I correct in assuming that there is no frictional force between the two?
In the problem, I really just wanted to express that the applied force was equal to the frictional force. So, me stating that the frictional force involved $\mu_s$ was in error as $F$ exceeded the limit for rolling without slipping?
Thanks. I understood better now. So it seems it was more powerful in the book... But another thing is: He means the truth about Jonathan and Norrell being magician is what RK wanted? Or even they are made by RK?!?(maybe it’s an English learning question! But) What’s the meaning of “they are his spell” ?
d'you know which plant magical Niacin comes from??
What would make it magical though?
That's the point, if using monitor mode, I can only capture 802.11 packets. Is there any way to decrypt the traffic and analyze ARP packets or just (using mode monitor on WiFi) capture ARP traffic?
Do you know any python library or bash script to decrypt it? Thank you.
I have two things to ask here.CRSF if one way process and CORS is two way, am I right? Am not sure but crsf has something to do with content type header, don't know exactly what it is but read somewhere and I couldn't understand it, do you have any idea about it?
Thanks, so basically I don't need to worry about Insertion attacks when i have a modern IDS/IPS correct?
How I can "artificially throttle the maximum network speed" ? Thank you.
Hello, I like the anonymous remailer link, thank you! Can I batch it or should I try to thin my email list?
Thank you, but my question then is, if I am using a TLS certificate but the DNS was altered for user to point to a fraud server, wouldn't that show a broken SSL flag on the browser? if not blocking access entirely in modern browsers.
thank you for the response. I understand wiping a SD card/USB is different from a simple format  as in wipe overwrites all data and makes it irrecoverable? Could you recommend some good wiping software for all kinds of drives - SD card, USB drives, hard drives? Because I've searched online and while I found a few, I don't know which would be a trusted one and will do its job efficiently.Also, worst case, if I had to use the USB for backup, I could just scan the drive using an antivirus on a computer, would that work? Because I wonder how effective Windows antiviruses are in detecting android malware, though the companies for both the products are always the same. I have a Total Security suite right now that claims to run PC to mobile scans, so wondering if it could detect the USB infected with Android malwareI'm trying to back up to cloud but don't think storage will be sufficient @bashCypher
But how can you not brute force the signature part? When you change usernusername to WebGoat in the payload, you need a new signature.
So the issue with non-independence is the effect it will have on standard errors in my model?
Are you able to point me in the direction of an example where your suggested check for the impact of non-independence is used (doesn't have to be be logistic regression specifically)?
Thank you very much for your detailed answer! Two questions: 1. When you are saying 'beta is estimated after making y orthogonal to Z', if I understand this right, does it mean that the part of variance in y which could be explained by Z or age individually, now will be explained by Z? So are we underestimating age's effect in this case? This is what I worried.Sorry the second question is, if use fixed effect for patient, does this use a lot more degrees of freedom and lower the power of this model?
Thank you very much for your patience and nice presentation of your answer. I totally agree with you about your opinion. However, what if, in your example, there is only 1 possible 'x' value in each 'grp'? Which is the case in my study, 1 patient('grp') could have only 1 genotype('x'). In this case, the 'real effects' of x could be attributed to grp, because they are perfectly correlated now. So my question is in this case, what should I do.
Thanks IrishStat for your answer. I added my data to the question.Acutally, I already computed a SARIMAX estimation including a dummy for the Intervention period. The dummy's coefficient is highly significant, but I am not sure how to Interpret these results.Your comments are very useful, thanks. As I dont have Autobox available unfortunately, I would like to simplify your demonstration. Im thinking about introducing 2 terms for the level shift in my SARIMA-equation like Tsay suggested in his paper. This would allow me to identify the upwards/downwards effects as you did. Applying these knowledge to my data, I would estimate a SARIMA model of the modified data. I am aware of the (over?) simplification of doing so, but I guess that this approach would be acceptable for my purpose. Or do you see any huge disadvantages of proceeding like this?The data in the graph was the original one. The csv showed the log data (which I am actually working with in order to stabilize the increasing variance of the series).So , I will try my best to realize your recommendations. Thanks a lot!
Thank you! Would I do the same when using `fit.mult.impute`, i.e. create the quintiles before imputation (and analysis)?
Thanks. Did I identify correctly the 'learning' part, though? Meaning, does the Optimization refer to finding parameters that minimize the residuals to the extent we want (meaning below our choice of threshold)? Still, not 100% sure in what sense the machine is learning. Could you please expand?
How does this change with classification techniques or with methods like neural networks? Is the tweaking technique also GD?
Thank you. When I look at networks used for face landmark detection, I see that many are plain CNNs. Why does it work for that problem?
Thanks. With the help of your answer, I've done some research about ist. Anyway, is it foolish to use `principal()` in this case? Or can warnings be ignored?
Thanks for the example, illustrates well the point I was trying to make about features being important in the regression context not necessarily being important in the nearest neighbors space.  I guess my only counter point to your example, is that the R squared in your example would be so low that it would be obvious that feature selection using regression would be a bad idea.  I am wondering if there exist less obvious cases where features would be bad in regression and good in KNN but the regression still performs well on the whole.
Wow, that was fast. Thank you. Btw, could you maybe give me some reference to ML estimation in this type of model (tutorial will do too)?
I see. Do you know if the stats package use the Kalman filter, or likelihood formula?
I think I see what you're saying. Then why does he make so much emphasis on selection being a common effect of treatment and outcome for there to be selection bias? He could have just stopped at $A  \rightarrow Y \rightarrow C$Could it be because he is only teaching setups where there can be bias under the null?
How Can I Check the assumptions? I also have the problem that some of my Data in the model correlate. Is There a way to deal with this so that i dont get wrong Results? Thanks!
Thanks for the example. But for continuous non-stationary time series you can take the differences to make it stationary. Is there an analogous procedure for non-stationary discrete time series?
Thank you for your answer! I think what I am wondering, first of all, is whether a mixed model would answer the same question, on a conceptual level? The one mentioned in my post above. I am a bit familiar with GEE and thought that it would be the best fit here, so I wonder why/if a mixed model would be the better approach?
yes the noise itself will lower the correlation. I however want to minimize it as much as possible after adding noise. So if I do a decorrelation data transform, do you think it will still preserve the signal?
Super helpful GEE link! Thanks a lot also for the clarification on adding `price` as covariate. One additional question - how would I interpret if I get the coefficient of `price` as significant? BTW, the dependent variable is a measure of social buzz a product attracts. It is operationalized as number of tweets the product receives.
This answer is excellent Stephen, many thanks! I'm double checking what you are saying with the data and even when the MAPE did improve with the log, the explained variance not so much. So for a regression problem you would stick to explained variance as a metric to guide the search?And on Mathematical transformations link I can see that Box-Cox back transformed goes back as a median, would you know log back transformed how does it go back as? Is it median as well? Maybe getting the median as an estimate is not a bad idea after all maybe more robust to outliers.
Yes you are right many thanks.. And regarding the right metric for this problem would u stick to explained variance?
Thanks. Do you know these books from first-hand experience?
Thanks for your help. I have downloaded the map of 1,2 and A . Can you tell me what is the difference between Express downtown and local downtown? It shows the fares are exactly same.
Trying to get my head around this... Ok, so imagine you're standing inside this station.  If you lay a 1 meter level on the ground oriented "surface" to "core", the bubble will shift towards the surface in a way that would look like a 3% grade on earth.  Right?  If that's true, if you place a 3cm block of wood under the "core" side of your 1m level, what would happen to the bubble?
