which is the bridge going across Pegnitz?
One of games bolonging to Alien Breed
name the person of organization which is responsible for The Entertainer
What is the currency used in Cornet River?
What is the name of the end of Sprinter?
which is the terminus for Long Beach?
why is David Wales known?
state the category of Deimos?
What is profession for Laura Petersen
State Office Building's managements
state the religion followed by Anthony Mitchell
what is manufacturer for Juno?
What is Vitamin D good for?
What is religion in All Saints' Church?
who is the artist appearing in FLOW 103?
What is Piano Sonata No. 2's musical scale
What is sport of Baylor Bears
what are The Overlanders's albums
name the person of organization which is responsible for Orpheus
Who is film Oasis's script writer
Who or what is Hardin named after
what are stars of Crater
what type of museum is Advertising?
of what language is Four Last Things?
Who is director for Awake and Sing!
What is the language WGNB is in?
The Lady of Shalott's creator?
What is city on Green River
what was the cause of death of John Veitch?
What is the name of the place Erasure originated from?
state the language of Infosys
Tlatelolco's type of government?
What is the name of the place Propaganda originated from?
Mention the rating of New Hanover High
how is Cleo classified?
what company was Community Building designed by
Which is spin off of Xuxa
What are species of Vicki
State the name of the track of Who Dat
Who directed Gypsy: A Musical Fable
what is the soundtrack of Oleanna?
Specify which soundtrack belongs to Nightwatch
What was responsible for the death of John Lee?
What was the name of the opera conducted by William Elliott?
who is Daredevil's developer
In which place did Princess Maria Carolina die?
which state is Mount Josephine located in ?
which company developed Android?
what type of campus is Kenwood High School?
mention the type of release of Tightrope Walker?
What is West Peak's mountain ranges
Which is Bass Lake's inflow source
Who is art director of Cough
what is the location of Matador?
state the descriptor of Brent
What type of a campus does Spring Hill High School have?
What is the name of the final edited version of Songs of Love and Hate?
specify the platform on which Checkeate runs?
films written by Michael Tierney
what software languages were used to create PJIRC?
what is the video offer of Play Dead?
who is founder of Worldview
What is genre of book Danyale's Amazing Hair?
What is the gender of Ryan Wilson?
what is Parasitology's subdiscipline
Who is owner oh Chicago Mustangs
specify the action that is required to read Idols?
what html layout engine interfaces with Google Chrome Frame?
What stadium does New Jersey Rockets play in
Specify which soundtrack belongs to Joshua
what is manufacturer of Abyss
What is city near Devils Lake?
Specify the dish that is made by Chocolate Chip Applesauce Cake
Name the album next, after Savage Garden
who is Marco Polo named for
which is spin off for Treasure Hunt
Who is the broadcaster of Love Life?
Academy Hill Historic District's managements
What is district of Grant Park High School
State where can Convergence be purchased online?
What are the languages used in Lovers?
Mention the language that Nothing More was primarily released in
Who is script writer for A Dog of Flanders
Who is art director of Tidal Wave
which person of organization is resposible for California Dreaming?
What was the name of the album prior to Don't Stop the Music?
what is the position of Jim Lawson?
Who is the winner of Season 9?
Librettist of Lohengrin
What is the subject of Glow?
Mountain range for Vulture Peak
The Adventures of Huck Finn's casting director?
List of Andrew Benson's produced movies?
In which country is Saleman spoken in?
Who is writer for Survive!
who is musical artists for Mark Heard?
buildings desinged by William Paul?
What is mpaa rating of Children of the Revolution
State the keyword that corresponds to Andrew Bernard
what is sequel for The Black Dahlia
Name the zodiac sign of Carson Allen?
who is Devour's script writer
Old State House's managements?
Who wrote script for Rainbow Bridge
What is the descriptor on Datel?
Architect for Central Library was who
what is Urea's canonical brand name
who appeared regularly in The Voice?
what type of a memory card is supported by Samsung Galaxy S III Mini?
What is sport for Lamar Cardinals?
Ship builder for HMS Gannet
Editors of Fresh Air
Where is the place of death of Paul Brown?
Who is builder of HMS Argonaut
Red Shift was the publisher of which game?
To which series does Beyond the Veil belong?
Where is mouth of Mitchell
What is rating of Black Beauty
State the religion followed by James Kelly?
What is children of Hugo Metsers
which product is related to Killing Floor?
What is the original language of Just a Kiss?
Name the album prior to Wake Up!
What is prequel for The Final Battle
island in Flathead Lake's list?
What is the domain of James Tobin?
what is Muay Thai's well known practitione?
State the scope of Broad Front in which it operates
what is the album after Daylight?
Who is Cook named for?
who is teacher for David Douglas
what is the platform of Cho Aniki: Seinaru Protein Densetsu?
what is launch vehicle for Aryabhata?
State what made Stephen Ross famous?
name the event that preceded Men's Team Sprint?
state the name of the episode that precedes The Chocolate Show?
Name the state in which Whittier is located in
What is fight song for Maryland Terrapins?
Who is author of Capture the Flag
What is the basin country of Malna葯 River?
which team is champion team of 15
Where is place of birth of Bogdan Miron
The Fosters is aired at what time?
what is Peace Bridge's locale?
What is the genre of Distant Cousins?
Which graphics card is installed in Dell Wyse X90M7 Thin Client?
name the descriptor on the webpage Bajrangbali
Andrew Quintero's parents are who?
What is manufacturer for Shockwave
Who was the letterer for Last Hero Standing?
who are Conrack's lyricists?
Which is architecture style for CN Tower?
Who is the publisher of A Rodeo Man's Promise?
The Outfit's editors
What is the name of the character who appeared in Doonesbury?
what is sequel for Death Wish
what is prequel to Camille?
What is origin of Hay River
Who is script writer for The Contact
What is the action that is required to read Doghouse?
Specify the spouse of Nancy Greer
What is Hurricane Danielle affecting area
Who is Tom's creator
Which is spin off of The Weakest Link
Who is the spouse of Anna Rapalje?
what is theme song on Martin
what is James Burke known for?
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Pazhassi Raja
Name the album that consists Live It Up
List of movies produced by Kira Davis
What is the mascot for Taft High School
What is sequel for The Changeling
films produced by Billy Barber?
What is the genre of The Ambassador?
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Cry-Baby?
Mount Carter's mountain range
Who is director of Animal Crackers
what is Hayabusa's launch vehicle?
what are major cities at R80
platform of Super Monkey Ball
what type of descriptor is Everything's OK?
who owns Tamworth?
what is name of White Rabbit's creator?
which is the first ascent of James Robertson
who is the director of Ryan Callahan?
mention the name of the child organization of Miss USA?
state the language used on A Dangerous Life
What is power of Merlyn
name the award presented by Billboard
what is mouth of Archer
What is architectural style for Eagle's Nest
List every movie directed by Michael Linn
what is Paradigm's publisher?
what is Firewood's releasing company?
What are Ariel's species
What is mountain range of Kronberg
who is orchestration Dancin'?
what is Manx's place of origin?
on the team, what is the position of John Kennedy?
what kind of descriptor is Ima Boss?
Who is tv program creator of Time of Your Life
State the language that Detroit Unleaded was primarily released in
What are the languages used in Haar Jeet?
what is type for Adventuress
What is Necker Island's island group
what is instrument family for Kora
What is the name of the actor in Dealer?
Let Me In's editors
name of discoverer of Perdita?
Who is director of Damn Yankees
What is the name of the end of Red Line?
Who is director for My Favorite Year
Which type of award competition did The Amazing Race participate in?
Who directed Hello and Goodbye
areas affected by Hurricane Karen
What is one of the seasons of Cold Case Files?
who are the contractors of Ilie Oan膬?
What is Gerald Heaney's place of birth
What is district for Brockbank School
Who directed Henry IV, Part 1
librettist for Stiffelio?
which is spin off for Take Me Out
Who is casting director of Outlaw
School district for Concord Montessori And Community School?
Mention the rating of Madison Central High School
What is the name of the organism of Russell Terrier?
what is region of Massa
state the name of the graphics card in Panasonic Toughbook 50?
What is Mitchell High School's mascot
What is Tarzan's prequel
the lyrist of Dead Behind These Eyes: A Karaoke Play
Who directed The Road to Mecca
Who is owner for The Independent
which game is played on Windows Phone?
what software languages were used to create Sedna?
University of Rochester developed which software?
Harding is named after whom?
what is a variant of K6?
What category storm is Typhoon Bess?
state the activity related to Platte River
Movies produced by Eric Clark
What was the name of the sequel of Winds of War?
what are the organisms of Rooster?
What is ingredient for Carac
what is color for Sidney High School
what is the soundtrack of Shadows and Light?
Who directed The Kid
what is the mascot for Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets?
What is the name of the person or organization which is responsible for Don Giovanni?
Who is executive producer for Cachorro
which electronic product is supported by Samsung Galaxy J2?
School district for Ps 153 Homecrest
What is the album after Bingo?
What is place of birth for Sean Porter?
which is the bridge going across Kettle?
which audio pertains to Ezekiel?
film for Kalavani
what is the position of John O'Sullivan?
Who is the winner of Season 7?
who is the manufacturer of Aspergillus fumigatus 20000 injectable solution?
what is St. Sebastian Tended by St. Irene's movement?
What is city by Grand Lake
Which is weight division for Ben Saunders
mention the binding of A Better Place's cover?
What is Creature's record label?
what is lower classifications Sugar
state the name of the first release of C'est la vie?
Directors of Three Sisters
in which language is The Project?
what is Door to Door's summary?
what the name of the album of David Castle
What is book summary of Mud
ASUS Chromebook C202SA YS01 has what supported electronic product?
What stadium does Lebanon play
Who is USS John F. Kennedy's builder
Who is The Reef's casting director
Who is publisher for Wii Play
Name the place Dimension Zero originated
What is sport of TCU Horned Frogs
What is the mascot of A. Y. Jackson Secondary School
which audio pertains to The Last Laugh?
What is sport of Southern Illinois Salukis
who is publisher for Keepsake
What is the name of the film in which Gloriana appears?
What is the phone number associated with London City Airport?
please list the game series for Need for Speed
What is place of birth of Benjamin Orr?
Whcih literary series did Dan Davis contribute to?
What is armed force units in German Army?
What is the video offer of Macbeth?
What is name of composer of Coming Down
Who came up with Fish Police?
State the language that Hocus Pocus was primarily released in
how could you identify Lake Lanier ?
what is Far Cry 2's prequel?
what is the ship type for Thistle
Zakhmee's editors
What is religion of St. Peter's Church?
who is creator for Hummingbird?
who is creators for The Pro?
What is isotopes of Gold?
what is theme of Flight Deck?
What are all movies that Ben Nunez has been in
Mention the gender of Patch
What is place of birth of Charles Eaton
Hella is influenced by whom?
Which is park of Manta
What genre is Door to Door
what is star of Procyon?
What is place of origin of Coma
what is place of origin Electron
State the type of 112 is
Creator for Emily
Name the state in which Bristol is located in?
What is story of Stepfamilies
who is the author related to Dave Evans?
Which instruments were played by John Sebastian?
What is Qayqu's mountain range
what is American Music Awards's award category?
Director for Buried Child?
Name the language used in All for You
Who is director of The Magistrate
Who is music composer of Heroin(e)
Mention the identifier for Juniper Lake .?
state the name of the track of Never Gonna Dance?
Who is the composer for Higher and Higher?
state which grade is the highest, taught in Solo
what is the first ascent in John Hill?
ranking of Newcastle High School
What is birth place of Camilla Williams?
what is The Only Way's form of composition
What does High Level Bridge span across
Name the country Abert Rim is located in?
what is the action that must be taken to make a reservation at Park Plaza Hotel?
who is author to Pietje Bell
what is galaxy for Taurus
name the organization that has Kyrgyzstan?
which season corresponds to Empty Nest?
Name the album next, after Soundtrack
Where is The Northern Star located?
Which is the creator for MP3?
one of episodes of Swerve
films written by Justin Barber?
Why is James Burke known?
what is B'nai Israel Synagogue's religion
movies that Douglas Campbell has produced?
what is the original language for Playing with Fire
Who is manufacturer of Marathon
which app does Bing belong to?
Count is of what type?
What is name of place Jitender Kumar was born
What is Bow Lake's outflow
What is school district of Red Bud Elementary School
What is the class of Isoniazid
what kind of descriptor is The Five Pennies
Winner of Calle 7
what is Gadoteridol's legal status
What is the classification of Boston?
which music artist is similar to They Shoot Horses, Don't They??
One of recurring event of PGA Championship?
Which museum is with a type of Ancient Rome?
Who are parents of Galileo?
state the sibling of Charles Powell?
What is one of the seasons of Love Hurts?
What is district for West Hancock Elementary School
state the name of the social network profile of Andrew Jackson
what is inflow source of Highland Lake
which is S2's constellation
what are teams in Nadia
who has jursidiction over Emirate of Abu Dhabi?
state the category of NGC 6872
What is the content in which Contraband appears?
Which company developed Perfect World
where did Hex originate from?
name the episode directed by Michael Lennox
What is the name of team captain of Kazakhstan?
what is famous adaptation of The Desperate Hours?
What was the name of the album prior to Live at the Blue Note?
Where is the place of death of Paul Samson?
What is the currency used in Kathu?
State what made Patricia Benoit famous
who is owner of Look Left
All movies that Ashley McKinney has played in
in which country is Felodipine 10 extended release film coated tablet available in?
state which grade is the highest, taught in Dominican Academy
what is Peter Barlow's place of birth
which program was created by Mega?
Star Vault was the publisher of which game?
What was the location at which Vietnam was published?
In which country is The Independent located?
What is name of place Peter Barlow was born?
Which is league for Guant谩namo
State what made Teddy Kollek famous?
what kind of bridge is Foxburg Bridge?
which is the key for Chocorua Lake ?
What was the review on For Love or Money?
What is district for Valencia Elementary
specify the name of the program of Party of Two?
Pinball is for which field of study?
What is locale of Bridge to Nowhere
Directors of Blow Out
who is Tokyo Xtreme Racer: Drift's developer
Who are parents of Abhinaya
Please show one of the episodes of Stingray?
What is the album after American Ride?
Who is casting director of The Forest
what is prequel of Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward
Mention the name of the character from Warlock
in which film does Arthur Taylor appear in?
State the name of the sequel of The Great Game
Which championship does Minnesota Golden Gophers win?
Who is designer for Memorial Hall
What is the ranking of the genre of Spire?
Name of designer of Condor?
what is Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Conviction's prequel
Who is the developer of Mythbuntu?
what is the mascot for Howard University
what is art work of Vincent's Bedroom in Arles?
What is city by Stony Lake
what is school for The Battalion?
state the book editions published by Forbes West
Where did Drum originate?
What is the genre of Mick Simpson?
What is the releasing company for Sonny Boy
in which country is Hydrocortisone 25 lotion available in?
Who is director for Show Boat
which is Jeff Bower's team?
What is city by Bay Lake?
What is the currency used in Wesley College?
Who is owner of Daily Sun?
specify the name of the release of If These Trees Could Talk
What type is Legacy High Charter?
builder of Mitchell Center?
What is the gender of Robin Miller?
state the person who participated in Soul Train Music Awards
What genre is Malibu
Director for The Changeling
name the consumer product under Zosyn
Films written by Eric Smith
Who is director for A Raisin In The Sun
who is the creator for Lamentation
What is the name of the district election of Arthabaska?
which actor appeared in Big Day?
What is school district for Wells Elementary
one of episodes of Clash of the Titans?
casting director for Ismael?
which is martial art of Kevin Johnson
Which is Liam Smith's division?
What is the currency used in North Greenwich?
Which is spin off for The Addams Family
The product Guitar Man has which theme?
in which state is Castaic Lake located?
Percussion's writer?
Who was responsible for the illustrations of Rowdy?
State the position of Christian Rivera?
Who is director for The Mound Builders
who supported The Godfather ?
What is the preferred webpage of Titan Studios?
What must be clicked on to watch Antigone?
Which is architectural style of Memorial Hall
John Collins's building
what is famous adaptation for Mouchette?
What is manufacturer for ISIS
what is the education school of Barney?
which is religion founded by Sarah
How people can Banana Split Martini serve?
What is specie of Talon
List every movie directed by Brian Wilson?
What movies did James Hunter direct
Who is architect to Christ Episcopal Church
Where did John Pugh pass away?
what is mountain range of Montenegro
What is the show time of Gladiators?
What is city by Baldwin Lake
Who are Germinal's cinematographers
Which is the maintainer of Lochwinnoch?
what is appearance of Jude?
which book corresponds to Dark Oracle?
what is Central Division's sport?
What is the position of George Paterson on the team?
who is the lyrics writer for Pepe?
Madison Square Garden's contractor
What is the brand name of Danskin Now Women's Fitspiration Active Graphic Legging?
Director for All in the Timing
Who directed Flower Drum Song
one of works of The Stainless Steel Rat?
Who is director for Ragtime
Which city does Khan Research Laboratories represent?
what is Hyflex's launch vehicle?
What is the name of the track of Pictures at an Exhibition?
Which museum is with a type of Espionage?
Synjardy XR is used for
Director for I Am My Own Wife
What is school district for Bear Lake Elementary School
State the sibling of Adriaan de Jonge
what is location for Veterans Memorial Bridge
what sports team does Porto own
What is school district of Lewis Elementary
what is Hooked's summary?
What is the preferred webpage of Homebase?
Who is art director in Black Nativity
Which is architecture style for Steele County Courthouse
what movies did Andrew Johnston direct
Who or what is Campbell named after?
Which museum is with a type of Slavery?
what is space mission of Sergey Volkov
isotopes of Copper?
what movies has Jonathan Jones produced?
what is Astrid's founder's name?
what is Berta's biological classification
what is architectural firm of BB&T Center
What is one of the seasons of Destry?
4AD is from which genre?
name the organisms of Horse?
what language is used for Lyceum?
State the name of the album prior to Long Way Down
which computer videogame corresponds to Trackmania Turbo?
what materials are Visitation made of?
Who is director of Wit
World War Z's sequel
specify the name of the computer software which contains Lightbeam
Stagecoach's cinematographer
which is martial art of Lee Jae-hyuk
Chemotherapy may treat what diseases
Which are comic books created by Nicolas Cage?
Sarah Walker's parents
who is the letterer of Widowmaker?
who is founder for Duryea gun carriage, Patent No. 653,224?
Who is architect for Graham County Courthouse
mention the verion of Celestia?
How is Floyd classified?
body of water spanned Eurymedon Bridge
state the phone number associated with Qeqertarsuaq?
who is executive producer for Neon
Who is director of South Pacific
What is the star sign of Sharon Shannon
which instruments were played by Jethro Tull?
Who is an author related to Steve?
Specify the dish that is made by Chicken Chili With Black Beans
Name of place where Brenda Power was born?
where does John Werner live?
Glenville High School has what type of sports team?
what is the drug class of Glucose?
what all movies did Alexi Torres play in?
Movie art directors of The Pit and the Pendulum
state the name of the sequel of It's My Party?
what is the universe language in Boowa & Kwala?
WebGUI is in which computer software?
editor of Mount Pleasant
state the preferred webpage of Europcar
name the type of Evergreen
What is occupation of Krishna Raj?
what is the setting of Twilight ?
which is spin off for Opportunity Knocks?
What is the classification of Barkley?
To which relgion does James Green belong?
the developer of Pariah is known by which name?
The developer of Turok 3: Shadow of Oblivion is known by which name?
Blenheim's managements
Specify the operating system that Chika works on?
Where is inflow source for Indian Lake
What was responsible for the death of Peter Underwood?
Who was responsible for the illustrations of Ava and the Real Lucille?
state the name of the author related to Marc Davis
what is Groove Street's genre?
What are Avalanche Lake's outflow locations
What is sequel of The Legend
What is the sports team that takes second place in Battle of Santiago?
Beaumont's managements?
Who directed Grand Hotel
which person of organization is resposible for The Indian Queen?
Who is the cover artist for The Last Defender of Camelot?
what is concert tour for Wings?
name the film for which David North is the set designer?
Ranking of Beverly Hills Middle School
what is breed of Yak?
specify the platform on which Academos runs?
in what film does Girlfriend appears?
Who is director of Titus Andronicus
publisher of Point of Impact
Which is architectural style of Chase Tower?
state the name of the graphics card in Toshiba Satellite Pro L510?
Will they make a sequel to The Narrows
what is the main campus of nt?
what is prequel of Valkyrie Profile
What was the name of the artwork done by Jeff Watson?
What is body of water of Maui?
Who is director of Our Town
what is the name of the sports team of University of Virginia?
What is place of birth of Noah Davis?
What is district of Ferndale Elementary School
Who or what is Dale named after?
what is locale for London Bridge
Charlotte Ritchie's kids
which is a rank lower than Tribe?
Mention the name of the country in which Famotidine 40 film coated tablet is available
City of Ghosts's editor
Krypton comes from which fictional universe?
what is isotopes for Sulfur
state the name of the version of Kajra Re?
What is the soundtrack of Yodha?
Kevin Campbell was director of what movies
location of Acacia is requested by which action?
Who is the publisher of Shadowrun?
Who is engineer for Millennium Tower
What is genre of Mythos?
name of composer of Annie
Who was the letterer for Testament?
who follows Peter Walker?
name the military conflict in which German Empire participated?
What is occupation for Heike Wiehle-Timm
Who is music composer of The Salesman
what is power for Keldeo
Which is park of Ricochet?
what is Scott Kelly's space mission
Which company is game developer for Pac-Man Championship Edition DX?
what is the ship type of Buccaneer?
state the name of the sequel of Two Worlds
Which is architecture style for Windsor
island in Lake Washington's list?
state the genre of Dory Previn
State the name of the episode which was written by Michal Dlouhý
What is place of birth for Richard Olson?
Who is director of The Substance of Fire
How many moons does Uranus have
What is Far from Home literary series
which team is winning team of XIII?
What is the name of an event similar to Unforgiven?
What movies have Paul Russell produced?
where did Jack Doyle pass away?
where is place of origin of Whac-A-Mole
Macugen is used for
State the name of the album prior to This Christmas
what is brand name of Potassium?
who is the creator for Addendum?
state where Envy was published
What is the name of the organism of Bigfoot?
List of every movie directed by Ben Miller
What is sport for Texas Tech Red Raiders
Mention the nationality of Bob Brett?
What is sport of American Samoa
Directors of The Iceman Cometh
Where is Richie Williams's place of birth?
Name of designer for Unreal Tournament
state which grade is the highest, taught in Noxubee County High School?
the educational background of Patrick Peterson
Which is park of Python
which audio pertains to Quitter?
What was the langage The Domino Effect was primarily released in?
Movies that Aaron Toronto has produced
what is quote from Vijay Kumar
What is mountain range for Fulen
What is the scope of Ministry of the Interior in which it operates?
what is Vitamin D good for
who is the winner for Miss Universe Puerto Rico
What is name of place where Brian Campion was born?
Architect for Plaza of the Americas was who?
What is the name of the place Valencia originated from?
how is Romulus classified?
What is the name of Roosevelt High School's mascot
Who is art director of My Blue Heaven
Name the place Midas originated
who manufactured Guan
Name a game published by Datel
What is music scale of String Quartet No. 10
name the award presented by Nickelodeon?
which is a cut version for Get a Life ?
what is architectural firm of Masonic Temple Building?
State which grade is the highest, taught in Bell Elementary
which award was earned by George Wilson?
what is media of Flame
Who is the person who participated in Tony Jones?
Which grade is the lowest that is taught in Big Creek Elementary School?
Where is the place of death of Roy Sanders?
what is the name of the stock exchange relating to AFC Ajax?
Mention the nationality of Robert X. Cringely
What is conference of Mercer Bears
Sharon Smith produced films?
Name the market in which Cambridge Savings Bank is sold
state the action to be taken to make a reservation at Sel?
What is city near Indian Lake
What was the name of the character in The Adventure of the Sussex Vampire?
Where is home stadia of Rio Negro
Where is the place of death of James McIntyre?
state the medical speciality of Robert White
what is school for The Communicator
To which series does Savannah: Brokers, Bankers, and Bay Lane: Inside the Slave Trade belong?
what are the affected areas of Typhoon Nanmadol?
what is the organization for White Rabbit
What is the area that can receive Terminal Radio?
who is ship builder for HMS Orford
specify the name of the program of Abduction
who is creator for Shiva?
To which relgion does Robert Wright belong?
who maintains the structure A1 highway?
mention the genre of Throwing Muses
What is genre of Anupama
which episode precedes Dov Davidoff?
Eylea is used for
What is Straw Men's original language
which is inflow for Lake of the Ozarks?
To which relgion does John Collins belong?
The Bet's author?
name a character from The Adventure of the Three Students
on which link can Rehab be played?
state the language used on A Season on the Brink?
What is power of Mammon
what is fight song of Oklahoma Sooners?
state the genre of Easter Island?
Director for Blackbird
the releasing company of Lake Biwa
in which short story would you find The Devil?
Who is designer to K11
how could you identify Cannon Beach, Oregon ?
what is Zulu's movement?
which is spin off of Good Morning Britain
who is winning team of Men's Ice Hockey?
What location is partially contained by arlington? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What is the ethnicity of Jimmy Jones?
what is the maker of Second generation?
what is league for Wilmington Blue Rocks?
what is star in Hercules?
Which is the terminus for Danube Valley Railway?
What is city by Silver Lake
what is the mascot's name for UAB Blazers?
What is place of birth of Douglas George
What is the setting in Dune?
What is the language used in Baby Steps?
the developer of Bowling is known by which name?
What is the manufactured form of Flaxseed 0.1 injectable solution?
Who directed Piaf
Who is director of 13
Name the artist who is similar to By the End of Tonight?
the social network profile of Cruiser is known by which name?
what is colleges of Northern Star?
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to The Seven Year Itch?
Which is rating for Fall
What is the action to be taken to watch the trailer of The Piano in a theatre or on a personal device?
Who is casting director of The Substitute
What was the set location of Romeo and Juliet
What is prequel of Outbreak
What was the season corresponding to Damien?
Where did Shadowgate originate?
Who directed Henry V
state the position of Lorenzo Gonnelli
what are Derek Bailey's albums
What is manufacturer of Jarvis?
What is the name of the release of Mucho?
Which is architectural style of Manhattan Building
state the position of Michael Clark
what is the religion of Charmaine?
what is concert tour for Styx
Who is music composer of Oonche Log
films written by Jason Cook?
Who is director for Jeffrey
Who was responsible for the illustrations of Schooner?
Daisy Miller uses which language?
name the institution associated with John Yates
what is the space agency of Laika?
what is the main campus of School of Medicine?
What are Lepenica's basin country
What stadium does Cincinnati Bearcats play?
What is the name of the computer software which contains XChat?
What is higher classification of Carotene
Builders of Capital One Tower
Where is home stadia of Santos?
what is Millie's founded company?
what is Aries galaxy?
Who is director of Dutchman?
what is color of Wilson High School
what type of genre is Adventures in Mashonaland: By Two Hospital Nurses?
What is manufacturer for Revolution?
whih series does Papillon belong to?
What was the rating of Who Dunnit? like?
What is stated on the software license of Write!
What was the name of the album prior to One by One?
What is lower classification of Peckhamia?
What is mpaa rating of Fearless
What is island group of Seymour Island
what is language of Psyche
state the name of the social network profile of Busted?
where was Traces held?
name the artist who appears in Boys' Night Out?
Who is producer of Marshall
what is the soundtrack of Future Weather?
what is Kola's region
State the name of the recurring event which is a part of Kristin Cavallari's Baby Shower
What is Eddie Lawrence's place of birth?
What is the name of the book that corresponds to Armored Core 2: Another Age?
who is creator of Gideon
what is theme of The Haunted Mansion
what is Centaurus's galaxy
who was the issuer of Churchill Downs?
What is the name of the episode that precedes Fonzworth Bentley?
State the keyword that corresponds to John Rawls
who manufactures Wellington
which consumer product is under Cytra-2?
Who is owner of The Sunday Telegraph?
what is division for Michigan State Spartans
What was the name of the producer of Human Nature?
what is the terminus of Sermitsiaq?
Adult Coloring Book Horror Fitness: Bodybuilding Zombies is published by who?
Who is art director in Under the Skin
what diseases does Potassium phosphate prevent?
What is the next album after Guess Who?
What was the name of the film for which the set deisgner was Nava?
Which is color of Woodstock School
which museum is of Caddo type?
cinematographer of Family Matters
Who is Rhapsody's soundtrack composer
Buena Vista is the legislature of which reginal government?
Black Sabbath's editors
which sport is played by Ian Stewart?
The Times is owned by who
what is popular adaptation for The Snake Pit?
What is the sport played by Nick Symmonds?
Which championship does Hallam win?
what is best practitioner of Taekwondo?
For which issue was TUI?
where is place of origin for Red Dragon
what is main character in 艑oku: The Inner Chambers
What is sport of Antigua and Barbuda
What is place of cremation for Lee Remick
Which museum is with a type of Silk?
Who is creator of CoGenesys?
Who is first person to discover Cobalt?
Name the tournament in which Sprout participated in
mention the difficulty category of Diamond Lake?
What was the name of the first release of Love Shack?
Who is publisher for Twisted Metal: Small Brawl
Who made Kagura
What is sequel to Invaders from Space?
State the cataloged value of The Island?
what is variation of Percussion?
Name of place where Nikola Kova膷evi膰 was born
State which grade is the highest, taught in Wonderland School
Where is place of birth of Julie Collins?
who is artist of Bathers?
which company is developing company for Zoo Story?
Orpheus's discovery site
Where is place of birth for Brian Armstrong
where was American Basketball Association incorporated?
what are major cities of Tottenham Court Road?
which is team of James Green
Who directed Texts for Nothing
What is San Carlo al Corso's religion
What is the game series of Kirby Battle Royale?
What is Central Middle School's school district
Symphony works on what operating system?
name the game version published by Milton Bradley?
what is type of place of worship Trinity Episcopal Church
which election occured for Fremantle?
who is Helios's engineer
what is space program of Clementine
what is architecture style for St. Nicolas Church
who is art director in Beyond the Shadows
What is Dave Clarke's album
What is the price list of Cookie Jar?
what genre is Harold Teen in?
what is capital name of York?
mention the genre of Asambhav
what is the name of the game played on Wii?
what type of campus is Arcadia High?
what is the content that is featured in Cinemax?
What was the review on Bateman's?
the educational background of Charles Johnson?
Where is mouth of North River
Which is inflow source for Bow Lake
What was the name of the engineer who worked on Into the Blue?
what team is King of the Ring's winning team
Peter Doherty writes what comic book story?
mountain range for Saksi?
state the book editions published by James Lewis?
What is the position of Brandon Gibson?
What stadium does Kent State Golden Flashes play in?
what is galaxy for Phoenix
What the name of the album of Circus Maximus?
state the version of The Jackbox Party Pack?
where did Men at Work originate?
who is the inventor of Minimum cost solenoid magnet and method of making same
what is Buffalo Bisons's former name?
Who is architect to Livestock Exchange Building
which is football division of Old Dominion Monarchs
who is manufacturer for Space Shuttle
Who is director for The Life And Adventures Of Nicholas Nickleby
What is the name of the character from Watt
To make a reservation at Rock Lobster, what is the action that must be taken?
What must be clicked on to watch Dirty Deeds?
mention an edition of Blue Eyes
in which location did XIV occur
what is Cahill School's district?
What kind of descriptor is Electric Dreams
moons of Saturn?
What all movies did Bryan Martin play in
what type of a memory card is supported Nokia N900?
What was the name of the guest star in Baptism of Fire?
What is the asteroid group of Pamela Jones?
weight division of Salvador S谩nchez
Which is rating of Deck the Halls
What is the field of study covered in Quest?
state the scope of Liberals in which it operates
Who patented Mouse
What is the scope of Democratic Left in which it operates?
Who is Jack and the Beanstalk's art director
what is executive producer for Monroe?
what type of descriptor is My Bonnie?
In which country is Beyond Words located?
state the category of Iapetus?
what the name of the album of Horse Feathers
List of movies written by Carlos Flores?
what does Potassium prevent?
Libretto for Francesca da Rimini
mention the fiber used in Suzani
who are astronauts of Sputnik 3?
What star system is Prometheus in?
The Twin's costume designers
What is Twelfth Grade Kills's plot
What was the name of the artwork done by Alexi Torres?
what is power for Poison
name the languages used in Tum Kon Piya?
Eric Smith plays which sport?
What is name of place where Mohammad Aslam was born?
Name of architect of Dallas County Courthouse
who is tv program creator of On the Rise?
division of Kingston Frontenacs?
what is genre for Avenger
In which tournament did Lemondogs participate?
What was the name of the album prior to Carmen?
what does The Sibiu Crucifixion belong to
Who is creator of Captain Marvel
Who is art director of Enemy
What is manufacturer for Prowler?
Mountain ranges of Antler Peak
What was the name of the location in which Alex Taylor was held?
name the director of Shattered Image?
Who is art director of The Blue Lagoon
List of movies written by Lee Lynch
which event preceded Women's Parallel Giant Slalom?
Wraeththu belongs to which series?
Nightcrawler's parents
Who is The Fallen Angel's music composer
What is the rating for Twisted Tales?
what is included as a part of Bumbershoot?
What is the scope of Communist Workers League in which it operates?
Name the place Janitor Joe originated?
Who is The Omen's writer
who developed Ubuntu?
What is birth place of George W. Smith?
which institution is associated wih John Mitchell?
What is the name of the terminus of Taylor Glacier?
name a character from Pierrot?
who is Ultimate Spider-Man's main character
what is place of birth of Anna
are they making a sequel to Eternity
What is space programs by Polar
What is district of Exeter-Milligan Elementary-Exeter?
who is music director of Dvoe
what is Cabozantinib used for?
What is the major cities connected by N2
which product is related to Tass Times in Tonetown?
what is Boston Blackie's subject called?
what is colleges of Matanglawin?
Jonathan Jones was director of what movies?
What is the album after Handmade?
state the category of Elara
What division is Hamilton Bulldogs in?
state the medical speciality of Helen Mason?
what is power of Paradigm?
who is script writer of Hier encore
what is star system Neptune
what is breed of Goat
The Little Mermaid's composers?
who is manufacturer for Safir?
What is school color for St. Mary's School
on which operating system does Cybernet All-In-One PC IONE-GX45 run?
Director for The Birthday Party
Is there gonna be a sequel to Time After Time
What is Campbell Fighting Camels's sport
which music artist is similar to Hella?
The Law's producers
where is place of origin of Chess
Who directed War Horse
what is spin off from Eleventh Hour?
Which is the video offer of Get a Job?
What is the scope of Ministry of Transport in which it operates?
name the languages used in Overtime?
what is the program that belongs to The Real Housewives of Orange County?
what is the platform of Panzer Dragoon
What is the name of the march for London Regiment?
Which is architecture style of Rockwell House
what is Pine's art genre?
What is the major cities connected by A3
What is field of study of Alan Yuille
Who is Impossible's lyrics writer
what is the aircraft for R101
Woodford's managements
Which is inflow source of Lake Murray
Architect for Central Christian Church was who?
where is Elmore located?
What is the sports team that takes second place in Men's Ice Hockey
What is the basin country of Oglio?
Who directed Come Back, Little Sheba
What is movie sequel for The Lone Ranger
Name the classification of Elvis
name the classification of Don John?
what is Piano's variation?
What is the content of Face to Face?
What is the subdomain of Hannah Arendt?
Collide was recorded in which location?
which organization presented American Comedy Awards?
What is the name of the video which teaches how to make Apples
specify the name of the developer of PhotoLine?
which is island on Indian Lake
What is the name of UAB Blazers's mascot?
which keyword is associated with James Tobin?
What is spin off for Take Me Out
who is doctoral advisor for James Stewart
Name the state in which Heights is located in?
State which grade is the highest, taught in Sumter County Adult Center
which is league of Syracuse Stars
state the category of Rhea
Name the conflict at which Charles Lloyd was deployed
who is children for Lakshmi?
what is summary for The South Pole
what is sequel for Ghostbusters?
what is the hubble classification of Coma Berenices?
what is Monty Betham's weight division?
which team is David Archer currently coaching?
state the preferred webpage of Globe Hotel
who is orchestrator of Young Frankenstein
State the name of the album prior to Mrs. Brown, You've Got a Lovely Daughter
movie produced by Matt Hall
The contractor who built BB&T Ballpark
which is mpaa rating The Girl?
What was the location at which Nancy Spero was published?
what are comics published of Frontera
what is name of Talon's creator
buildings of Mario Pani
State the languages used in The Promised Land?
What is the type of Alejandr铆a?
Director for What The Butler Saw?
Who are the contractors of The O2?
What is the highest grade taught in Dixie Elementary School
What is official color of Williamson High School
Which is park of High Roller?
religion in St. Peters Church?
Which is architectural style for Downtown Main Street Historic District
where was Naver incorporated?
Which is island of R铆o de la Plata?
which is weight division of Mike Jones?
Who is director of Born Yesterday
what type of campus does Fryeburg Academy have?
what is the education school of White Rabbit?
Beg for Mercy has an edition with which name?
Who is director for Volpone
why is Michelle Kosinski known?
state the name of the child organization of Leap?
what is launch vehicle for Hitomi?
What is the version of Super Punch-Out!!?
Who is casting director of The Rapture
Name the album that consists My Body
specify the name of the program of A.D.
In which place did William Pratt die?
name the instruments played by Les Brown
What is locale for Taşköprü
Editors of The Front?
state the medical speciality of James Barrett?
Name the languages used in Superbook
What was the name of the engineer who worked on Don't Save Me?
what stadium does Banbridge play in?
what is Jepson Peak's mountain range
what is chemical series of Neon
what is the rank of Lindbergh Elementary School
List of movies written by Jean-Louis Roy
Government agency that manages St. Francis River Bridge
in which market was Butterflies sold?
What is the next album after Born This Way?
where was Legal guide for the visual artist published?
Author of Diners is called by what name?
what is variation Bass?
Where is place of birth for Fred Alexander
Which museum is with a type of Library?
name of place where Alem茫o was born
What is High Level Bridge's locale
who is architect of St. John's Cathedral
What is the name of the final edited version of The Space Race?
where is source for Obersee
What is island group for Cooper Island
Which is weight division of Davey Moore
All movies that Adam Barnett has played in
what is Thunder's former name
Which mountain range does Qalsata belong to
Specify the operating system that Showcase works on
In which country is Norman spoken in?
What is 72 Hours rated?
subject of Portrait of a Young Girl
what is biological classification for Amphion
Lake Iij盲rvi's outflow locations?
What is the domain of Paul Seymour?
what is compositional form for Hellbound?
Too which city does Fruitvale belong?
What series does Fire belong to
Where is origin of Aubette
author of Bait?
one of works of Little House on the Prairie
Foresight is for which field of study?
Which is architectural style of St. Augustine Cathedral
what is space program for Pioneer Venus Multiprobe?
What is Robert Kraft known for?
List of movies that Bert Brown has been in
what is sequel for Moms?
What is conference of IUPUI Jaguars
under which category does Desdemona come?
what is variation of Flute?
what is the position of Dennis Morgan?
Directors of Fortune's Fool
What is adaptation of No Orchids for Miss Blandish?
State the language that Hereafter was primarily released in
Where did Bill Warren pass away?
Who acted in When Duty Calls?
who designed Titan?
what is colleges for The Patriot
Where is the place of death of Bill Richmond?
Name the place Justice originated?
name the artwork by Claude Monet
What is Santa Marta's sport
Which is architecture style of St. Elmo?
Where did The Leftovers originate?
Man who created Juliet
Where does Linda Thomas live?
Which is Invincible's mpaa rating
what is armed force units for United States Marine Corps
Who is soundtrack composer for The Imitation Game
What is genres of Reconstruction
All movies that Derek Dirlam has played in
who is art director for Get the Picture
White Oak Elementary's ranking
specify the location where Josh Allen studied?
which is invention of Roger Kornberg?
Trump International Hotel and Tower was planned by what architectural firm?
which is language for Marilyn?
Which is the rating for The Missing?
Where is place of birth of Andrew Stevenson
Who directed The Chalk Garden
Temple Sinai was designed by who
The outflow location of Cedar Lake
Who built Rosedale
Name the market in which Flame is sold
What is sport for Boston Tigers?
Where did Pronto originate?
What is the type of ChopChop?
sound tracks from The Great American Trailer Park Musical
Name the short story in which The Man appeared on.?
What is the lower rank of Species?
what is the zodiac sign of Aaron Schwartz?
Who is director for Hysteria
Who is director for Fuddy Meers
Name the audio that corresponds to Cast the First Stone
What is the name of the conference in which Abilene Christian Wildcats competes in?
what is the page on which PhonerLite can be downloaded?
What is adaptation of State Fair?
What was the rating of William Randolph Hearst like?
one of works of Katy
state the domain of Sam Adams?
of what language is Carway?
Where did Albert Johnson pass away?
mention the reveiw on Requiem for a Heavyweight?
what type of museum is Prehistory?
State the name of the episode which was written by Olli?
what are 葰iganu River's basin country
Who is executive producer of Secretary
what genre is Ziggy in?
what is the mascot for Fryeburg Academy?
Who is manufacturer of Samsung Galaxy Express
which is inflow source of Flathead Lake
Who is builder of French ship Magnifique
who designed Model K
what is Tetanus Toxoid's canonical brand name?
TIGRE FM can be received in which area?
list of films written by Telly?
in what film does Del Rey appears?
what is the name of one of the season of Stranger?
State the type of Pass Road Elementary School is?
Where did The Queen of Air and Darkness originate?
What caused the death of William Powell?
who is discoverer for Jason?
Where is Joseph Hart's gravestone?
Who is creator for Sextant
What is the subject of ADRIFT?
What is the classification of Travis?
What is name of art director of The Importance of Being Earnest
what is music scale of When I Come Around?
state the language that Enough is Enough! was primarily released in
Where is place of birth for William Coffey?
What is the software license of Tracker?
what is summary of Knights?
which electronic product is supported by Motorola Moto G5 Plus?
What is the rank of Billy Bishop Goes to War
Who is designer of Goliath?
What is the art genre of The Lady of Shalott?
What is the genre of In the Beginning...?
who is Marked's author?
Who is director of Spring Awakening
What is fossil specimen for Homo sapiens?
what is Zenit's manufacturer
Name the album next, after Wishes
mention the gender of Abu Taglib Fad' Lallah Hamdanid de Mosul?
What is Dead to Rights's genre
What is the name of the march for Black Legion?
state the name of the track of The Trees
Name of place where Sandy Young was born?
Name of place where Ricou Browning was born?
which is the space agency of Mark Kelly
what team does Mike Leach currently coach?
List of every movie directed by Stephen Smith?
what is Schooner's ship type?
Treasure is a part of which recording?
what movies has Gopi produced
what is the recurring event that is a part of 2016鈥?7 Ligue 1?
which is architecture company of Helios
Name the program created by Michael Jacobs?
Architect for Vista Tower was who
Films produced by Leslie Wilson?
What kind of government does Suriname have
what is the releasing company of Murda Muzik
name the award presented by Yomiuri Shimbun
who is creators of Batman and Robin
Who are Wells Fargo Center's contractors?
on the software license of VTune, what is stated?
who is the letterer of American Flagg!?
whih city is represented by Petrolina
Specify the instruction to prepare Sassy's Beef and Broccoli
What is the content in which The Looking Glass appears?
a list of movies with Alberto Melis in them
What is one of the seasons of Amici?
Who is in charge of casting for Flawless
what is the ship type of Banshee?
Name the type of descriptor The State is
Who is the broadcaster of Pop Rocks?
Name the languages used in Change
what was the march of 27th Battalion called?
who are Real Cool World's lyrics writers
What is name of art director of Shoot the Moon
Major cities on Santa Maria River
which is martial art of Raymond Jones
what is the releasing company for Thief in the Night
what is language for Armida?
What is name of director of Scars
In which city does Pigeon River exist?
What is mpaa rating of Caught?
what is name of academic advisor for David Abrahams
what is film for Love Story 2050?
to view details about Dhadkan which actions must be clicked on?
Who is designer for Mushroom House
Which is architectural style for Highland School
The affected area of Typhoon Maria?
Name the state in which Camphor is located in?
state the ranking of the genre of Capsized?
at which place was UCA incorporated?
Netherlands's captain
who is manufacturer for HTC One V
where is place of birth of Champaign?
state the position of George Miller?
What stadium does Norfolk State Spartans play in?
What is place of birth for Eddie Connolly
what is time zone in Elk?
in which film does Dionysius appear in?
State the location partially contained by Deokgasan? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
Brain Storm has an edition with which name?
who built State Farm Arena?
star system for Mu Bo枚tis
which museum is of Institute type?
who is The Monster's designer?
The Love-Lies-Bleeding is of what subject?
what is Avatar's place of origin?
Where did Spectrum originate?
What is the area that can receive WBUZ?
what is genre for Desert Thunder?
Where is country of origin of This Is Your Life
What kind of descriptor is Into the Fire
Where is place of birth of Jim Payne?
what is compositional form of No Way Out?
Which is color of James Monroe High School
What is prequel of Camille
Who is director for A Midsummer Night's Dream
what is fight song for Boston College Eagles
Why is Otto Frank known?
which was the conflict Chen Yi deployed to?
What is the name of the developer of Pidgin?
state the gender of Jordan Stewart?
What is the action that must be done to view the menu of Nick's Place online?
What is occupation of Robert Johansson?
What was the criminal act Anders Eklund was convicted of?
what division is Florida State Seminoles in
What is the next album after No Boundaries?
What was the name of the event that took place after Men's Super-Heavyweight?
who is Martin's casting director?
Cinematographer of Phone Booth
Holy Diver's form of composition
what html layout engine was used in Bolt?
what are teams at Khartoum?
What is the catologe calue that corresponds to The Long Way Home?
who is owner of Chicago Bulls
which event was held in Purdue University Fort Wayne?
what is George Green's field of study
Who is director for Stepping Out
Who directed The Mystery of Edwin Drood
What is the action to be taken to watch the trailer of The Battle of Gettysburg in a theatre or on a personal device?
Who is tv program creator of High Maintenance
Name the country Ithaca is located in?
Name the type of descriptor The Link is
What is island group of Long Island
which is the higher rank of Kingdom?
State the name of the place were The Playhouse was produced?
Provide the video offer of The Psychic
state the author of Canon EOS 40D
who is Jean Giraud influenced by?
Which is conference for Nebraska Cornhuskers?
state where Everybody dies was published
what is mpaa rating of Handyman
What location is partially contained by Mount Wellington? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What is the album after Deconstruction?
what does Nyx consist of
name an edition of Alter?
who is composer of Cope?
buildings desinged by Henry Austin?
what is summary for Riding the Wind
What is district of Thatcher Middle School?
which is architectural style of Holy Trinity Episcopal Church?
Where is outflow locations for Grand Lake
Who directed Tiny Alice
who manufactured Snapdragon?
Who is tv program creator of The Inbetweeners
the contractor who built The Century?
Winner of The Mole?
what is Temple Owls's division
Who is the editor of Lifted
Name the location that is partially contained by Sierra Grande? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
name the award presented by Blockbuster
What is bridge type of MacArthur Bridge
Major cities on Thames?
What is the descriptor on Community?
What is the subject of Danaë
Who is manufacturer of Denali?
in which state is Del Campo Peak located?
Seasons is of which track?
What was the name of the album prior to Adore?
which institution is associated wih Ph.D.?
the artist of Setting Sun?
Who is director for Angels in America: Perestroika
What is the name of the director of One of the Guys?
Who is director for The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial
Which is spin off of TV Burp
what are outflows for Flathead Lake?
what is artwork of The Madonna of Port Lligat?
Delta Force's sequel
what the names of comic books written by Charles Burns?
where is inflow source of Willow Lake
State the name of the episode which was written by Alexander Black?
where was HUB24 incorporated?
in which film does Andre Allen appear in?
Which is park of Whirlwind
Name the program created by Kevin Barnett?
name the classification of Round Table?
what location is partially contained by Motagua? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
what is name of World War Z's casting director?
which team is Frank Wilson coaching now?
Name the short story in which Lassie appeared on.
State the name of the recurring event which is a part of On the Line
benefits of Splint
What location is partially contained by Turini? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
In which area can KSGC be received?
state the publisher of A Lifetime of Treasures: Unlocking the Keys of Life Through Poetry
what genre is Love is Blind
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Rapture
What is one of the seasons of Turning Point?
State the language used in Dignity
what is regions for Purari
What is genre of Somm
Who is story contributor for Skyborn
name a department of Notre Dame of Dadiangas University
What is the track in Almer铆a?
What are the languages used to create the source code of Ardour?
what is manufacturer for Antares?
where is the launch site for Pegasus?
Name of place where Dave Cripe was born
Movies Gopi has produced
What is sport of Aruba
Mark Miller produced films?
how could you identify Independence National Historical Park ?
Where did Less originate?
1-2-Switch's developer
who is Filmfare Award for Best Lyricist 鈥?Malayalam's winner?
Faroe Islands's government type
Howrah Bridge's body of water
Where did The Car originate?
what was patented of the Wi-Fi?
what diseases can Chlorpromazine prevent
what is one of work written by Charles Miller?
what is breed of Goldfish
Name of place where Greg Evans was born?
What is story of The Maze
which is martial art of Freddie Steele?
Please show one of the episodes of Roba?
What is Freeman High School's district
Where is mouth of South River
which book corresponds to Dark Money?
What is the name of the developer of Paperboy?
what are Winnie-the-Pooh's species
Who is owner oh Charlotte Hornets
what is Black Cat's model
What is the language Digital is in?
What is the name of the conference in which Wagner Seahawks competes in?
who is tv program creator of Father Figure?
What is the language used in A Helping Hand?
What is tomb of John Davis?
Who is director of Treasure Island
Who is publisher of Area 51
Directors of The Subject Was Roses
person who Pyrex was made by?
who was the penciler of Darth Maul?
what is the genre of Эхо Москвы?
What is Montage's founder's name
What is famous adaptation of A Cinderella Story?
periodic table block of Platinum?
name the country in which Cyclosporine 100 solution is available
name the type of Our Lady of Lourdes Church
to watch the trailer of Poison Ivy what is the action that must be taken?
What is place of birth of Craig Dobbin?
what is the genre of Shoe?
What is the name of the character from Too Wilde to Tame
where is Henry Briggs's burial
In which country is Mala spoken in?
who is author to Godforsaken?
what is art work in The Morning Star
which field of study is Isis about?
what is category of The Oscars
state the action to be taken to make a reservation at Exchange Building?
what is movement of The Sacred Band
What is the gender of Chelsea Manning?
In which country is Silent spoken in?
who is author to Computer Programming for Beginners: Learn How to Code Step by Step?
name the location at which Skerryvore was held?
what is popular adaptation for Halloween?
What is concert tour of Brandy?
Who is Der Hauptmann von K枚penick's story contributor
what department does Western University have?
What is place of birth for Sean Casey
platform of Emergency 2: The Ultimate Fight for Life?
which election was occured in Iberville?
mention the price list of phpBB
what is rating for The Perfect Gift
What is the name of the organization that has columbia?
What is name of author of Malheur?
What all movies did Carmen Rodr铆guez play in?
what is the launch site of Cherokee?
the outflow locations of Portage Lake
which is the terminus for The Corridor?
What was the langage Macbeth was primarily released in?
What is the action to be taken to watch the trailer of The Other Woman in a theatre or on a personal device?
Which championship does San Diego Toreros win
what military conflict was Christopher Magee deployed?
the One Life to Give is of what subject?
Where is place of birth for Jack Garland?
Who is director for Big Love
Devil in Disguise is of which track?
What is the name of the film in which Dash appears?
what movies did John Calvert direct?
island in Loch Awe's list?
state the rating of Outback
who is tv program creator for Sunshine
which is the bridge of Hampton River
What is sport of Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets
name the type of Escambia Academy
Which is architecture style for Plaza Apartments
In which place did Bob Anderson die?
what is the mountain range of Stony Pass
One of games bolonging to The Legend of Zelda
Who is director of All My Sons
who coauthored with Marx, Karl?
State the video that corresponds to Home on the Range?
What is the difficulty category of Portage Bay?
specify the content of Ambrosia?
directors of Bastards of Strindberg: The Truth About Froken Julie?
who is orchestration Take Five
Who is the maintainer of M6 motorway?
Director for Fosse
what is Help Wanted rated?
what is inflow source for Black Lake
What is musical scale in Symphony No. 8
What is city near Crooked Lake
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Red Lights
What is stadium name for West Virginia Mountaineers
what is place of birth for Halling
What is school district for Lamar Elementary School
What is the name of the video which teaches how to make Birthday Cake?
What is city near Deer Lake
What is Missa solemnis's scale
Who is music composer of Bolero
State the scope of Unified Socialist Party in which it operates
What is the name of the musical composition which is recorded on Omkara?
what is country of origin of Streaker?
What is end of Aschach
What was the set location of Trial
Which is inflow source for Bull Lake
name the language Imagination is in?
Name of architect of US Post Office
what is the text describing a brief about Kevin's Journal?
Who is the cover artist for Viriconium?
Who is director of Anything Goes
state the language that Cry No More was primarily released in
List of movies produced by Isaac J. Ramos
What is mountain range for Meridian Peak
what is Wakefield's competition won?
Where is location of Pont du Diable
what is the name of Snowball's designer
What is mpaa rating of The Congress
To which educational institute does Oakland belong?
what is prequel of McArthur
specify the link on which Man! I Feel Like a Woman can be played
Who directed Kiss of the Spider Woman
What is sport for Buffalo Stampede
First Methodist Church's managements
one of episodes of The Century
Which is Behind the Sun's mpaa rating
what is origin of Little Thornapple River?
Who is art director for Enchanted April
Which is Pyramid Lake's inflow source
name a magazine in Football
Who is music composer of Cover Girl
What is Cuba's competition won
What is the content in which Enigma appears?
State the action that must be done to view the menu of Ding How Restaurant online
Where is place of birth of Fernando Pellegrino
State the position of Mark Harris
place of origin of Shiba Inu
Which is architecture style for Chase Tower
librettists for The Flood
What is Jonathan Jones's field of study
The Goon Show has what universe character?
who is Fired's casting director?
All movies that Beverly Warren has played in
who is music director for Centipede
state the name of the sequel of It's Only the Beginning?
What is the classification of Dixon?
ITV presented which award?
What is the genre of Hunting Grounds?
El Dorado's writer?
Name the classification of Zoe
who is related to Cupid and Psyche?
what is Moravia's competition won?
What is burial place for George Watson?
what does The Bathers belong to
what is Rick Husband's space mission?
Where is country of origin of 60 Minutes
which is the rating for Above the Law
Nam the track of Cactus?
ship builder for USS Active?
Who is Stage Struck's art director
who is executive producer of The League
Who is director for Ring of Death
Who is Turandot's librettist
Which agency is under the jurisdiction of North Somerset?
What is th position on the team of Jorge L贸pez?
which app does Skype belong to?
Design of Adams County Courthouse was done by
Which is rated for Smile
isotopes of Xenon
The name of the mascot of Fredonia High School
Who is owner for Metro?
who is creator of Trauma
what is place of origin for Civilization
who directed Singer?
who is creators for War Heroes?
Name the language used in You Are Not Alone
what is higher classification of Kaikadi?
Which track had Empire of the Sun as the producer?
What is the name of the final edited version of Greed?
What is famous adaptation of Beau Geste
Directors of Travesties
which is architecture company for State Farm Arena?
State the scope of People's Progressive Party in which it operates
who is advisor to John Moore
What is the rank that is higher than Tribe?
who is orchestration for Andrew Lloyd Webber Music of the Night
Who is ship builder of USS Triton
What is the releasing company for Original Sin?
what is David Morrison known for?
Who directed Yellow Face
Who is director of Thoroughly Modern Millie?
What is movie sequel for High Society
What is the content in which Rush appears?
what is Robert Greene's famous saying
Who was the supporting artist who performed with California?
What is the former name for Wizards?
which is color for Oak Hill Academy
What is the subject of Bronco Billy?
which is rated of Shaun the Sheep?
State the language used in Wide Awake
Which track had Marvin Gaye as the producer?
State the location partially contained by Tara? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
what is story of Niagara Falls
Who is Food of Love's art director
what is the runner up of VII
What is the name of the developer of Chivalry?
what is the video offer of Things Change?
What are Jasper's species
What is genre for The Diary of Anne Frank?
Who is director for Henry IV Part 1
What is the art genre of Self-portrait
What is name of theme song in Felicity
What is the ethnicity of William Roberts?
What is manufacturer of Black Knight?
How is Duke classified?
Who is director for Love! Valour! Compassion!?
launch vehicle for Prisma
Who are the parents of Anthony Booker who are Anthony Booker's father and mother?
what is the program that belongs to The Shield?
What is the rank of Crazy Loves
where was The Stones in the Park performed?
Who is director for The Most Happy Fella
What is the breed of Rabbit?
What is the name of the organism of Bulldog?
Who made Drusilla
School district for Park View Middle School
what is Reinhard Furrer's space mission?
Summary for Revenge of the Scorpion King
What is sport for Bowling Green Falcons
Michigan Journal of Political Science is for which field of study?
What caused the death of Davey Moore?
Who has won Season 14
what division is The Citadel Bulldogs in
What is stadium name for Valur
what is galaxy of Hydra
What is the next album after Swim?
what is spin off of Whose Line Is It Anyway?
Name the artist who is similar to General Johnson?
Where is place of birth for Lene Poulsen
James Franklin's educational background?
Which museum is with a type of Quilt?
what is power for Corphish
where did Krieg originate?
what is main character in New X-Men
what is brand name of Leucovorin?
A Classical Chinese Reader: The Han Shu Biography of Huo Guang is published by who?
list of Patrick McDonald's produced movies
Where did Men's Club Swinging take place?
What is city on Black River
who performed on Ravi Coltrane?
Who directed The Caucasian Chalk Circle
State the location partially contained by Mount Blackburn? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
which political party was nomineed by Deez Nuts?
which field of study is Synthesis about?
what is Pisces's galaxy
What is the name of the program of Dansefeber?
What is the star sign of Brent Smith?
who is creator of Point of Impact?
what type of a memory card is supported LG V30?
who are the designers of Apple II?
Who is director for La Cage aux Folles
Who is an author related to Katie Nelson?
name of designer for USS Galena?
name the artwork done by Charles Ray?
How is Jenny classified?
what is character from Valiant?
State the position of Jordan Hicks
Discoverers for Lucy?
to view details about Double Dip which actions must be clicked on?
What was the name of the character in Power Play?
What is name of director of The Haunted?
What is the name of the character who appeared in Flash Gordon?
sports team owned by Sarmayeh Bank
To which relgion does James Duncan belong?
what is Twins's league?
Which is a cut version for The Count of Monte Cristo ?
What is the language of La Strada?
mention the verion of Turn Off the Lights?
What is the name of the end of Sherman?
religion for Chinese Presbyterian Church?
Who is director of The Clean House
where is built place for HMS Prince of Wales
What is the scope of People's Alliance in which it operates?
in which market was Mafia III: Rivals sold?
what is The Talisman's art genre?
Specify the season name that corresponds to Jack Vettriano
what is the location of Arctic Air?
what is Joan Higginbotham's space mission
what location is partially contained by Cotopaxi? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
name the award presented by SFX
state the name of the book what corresponds to Distractions
Where is Red Lake's outflow location
name of composer of The Chicken Dance
platform of Hellraiser
who is Buggy Run's developer?
body of water spanned Walter Taylor
who was the issuer of Erickson?
What was the name of the artwork done by Isabelle?
What is color at St. John's High School
state the manufactured form of Goldenrod 0.05 injectable solution?
which magazine belongs to Yuri ?
what is spin off from Bed of Roses?
what is The Wanderer's school of movement?
What is the name of the director of Release the Hounds?
state the genre of WKGC-FM
what is form of composition of Big River?
Who is executive producer of Good Luck Chuck
What is the composition for which Alyosha was the creator?
what is the recurring event that is a part of Like Father, Like Daughter?
Holon runs on which platform?
who are Interview's cinematographers?
what are species of Genie
who is Willis Building's engineer?
what type of campus is Spring Valley High School?
who directed Click, Clack, Moo: Cows That Type
What is name of director of Quartet
what is John Herrington's space mission?
What are the instruction to prepare Mozzarella Salad?
What is the soundtrack of Les Mis茅rables?
name the language The Other Side is in
State the religion followed by The Very Reverend
what astronomical object did Andrew Lowe discover?
What is Christ Church Cathedral's type of place of worship
Which track had Jamie Anderson as the producer?
who is doctoral advisor for Richard Holden?
School district for Turning Point
What is name of art director of Rope
What is th position on the team of Chris Moore?
What is the name of the program of Peak Forest Canal?
What is birth place of Cindy Burger
What is mouth of Coldwater River
Richardson is named after whom?
what is the patent for Osteopontin-related compositions and methods?
Directors of All's Well That Ends Well?
what is famous adaptation for Yellow Submarine
Who is academic advisor to Jonathan Jones
name the country in which Nafcillin 2 powder for injectable solution is available?
Masterpiece developed which software?
Which company developed Reader Rabbit Kindergarten?
who is first ascender of Mount Cleveland?
state the publisher of A Wandering Melody?
state the name of the event that took place after Women's 1,000 metres
where was Key Tronic incorporated?
what is prequel to Contagious?
who is The Colosseum's engineer?
what is Paul Wilson's field of study?
name the album prior to 1900
Government agency that manages Gloucester?
What is city near Highland Lake?
film of Babel?
What was the type of release of The Prisoner?
What is sequel for The Rainbow
What type of habitat does Happy live in?
Who is tv program creator for Getting On?
What are Lilith's species
body of water of Tacoma Narrows Bridge?
Who is the editors of The Patriot
What is place of birth for Robert Charles Bell
who was the issuer of Beate Uhse?
Where is Henry Jackson's place of birth
Godspeed is influenced by whom?
What is district of Notre Dame High School
What is the mascot's name of Jefferson High School
what genre is JoJo's Bizarre Adventure in?
which magazine belongs to News ?
Please show one of the episodes of Ctrl
What is conference for Coastal Carolina Chanticleers
What is adaptation of The Queen of Spades?
What is Adrián García's place of birth?
Which is mpaa rating The Call
What is the name of the final edited version of Mousse?
Nascar is written by which writer?
specify the difficulty category of Malibu
who performed on Cabin Fever?
What is the name of the character from High Spirits
what is Copper's chemical series
what is Valkyrie Profile's sequel
what was the march of Queen's called?
What was the event that was held in Spectrum Stadium?
Guinea-Bissau is the legislature of which reginal government?
who is executive producer of Glass?
space agencies of Joan Higginbotham
Mention the identifier for Proxy Falls .?
What is Mobile Revelers's sport?
directors of The Cherry Orchard?
Which is weight division for Ryan Langham
What is color of Ole Miss Rebels
What is name of National Archaeological Museum's museum director?
what is Philae's manufacturer?
Name the creative work which was about Afterlife?
what is Czech Republic's former name
Mention the rating of Ainsworth Elementary School
who developed Ubuntu Netbook Edition?
what are major cities of King's Road
Where is home stadia of Total?
what is Titanium's chemical series
Who is director for The Threepenny Opera
who is Samsung Galaxy Ace Plus's manufacturer?
What is the name of the director of Fish out of Water?
What is name of place where Thomas Spencer was born
What was the name of the sequel of Built for Speed?
state the position of Brian Richardson
what team is winning team of St. Louis Cardinals
Which software was developed by ITV?
Where is Alex Rowe's place of birth
name a department of Stony Brook?
state which grade is the highest, taught in Cortona Academy?
Where is the place of death of John Marshall?
Which is park of The Crypt?
which organization presents Grawemeyer Award?
What is the classification of Jonathan?
Which is park of Apocalypse
which is Je suis malade's mpaa rating?
who is the maintainer of Newtown?
what the names of comic books written by Archie Goodwin
Who is art director in The Black Rose
Which company is game developer of Jump Force
who is contractor for The Colosseum
what is Tidal Wave's manufacturer
The winner of Drama Desk Award
name the composition created by Paul Johnson?
Who is director of The Playboy Of The Western World
what is place of birth for Minotaur?
in what film does Billy Boyd appears?
who is script writer of Anxiety?
who is the creator for The Song of Songs?
What is the rating of The Comic Strip
who follows The Obsessed?
What is color of St. John's School
Mountain range for The Pinnacle
name the engineer who worked on Captive?
Marionette's editor
Kerberos's discovery organization?
What is spin off from Match of the Day
Who directed As Is?
What is the name of the place Sonny originated from?
who maintains the structure Umberleigh?
state the person who participated in Keith Blakelock?
what is appearance of Titania?
Mention the nationality of Daniel Calvo
what are outflow locations of North Lake
What is the sports team that takes second place in X
which is End of Days's rating
What was the name of the comic book character created by Garth?
Skylab's launch vehicle
Name the location that is partially contained by Gaisberg? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
which is Lake Washington's inflow source?
Mountain ranges of Castle Peak
What is sport for Idaho State Bengals
Lee Konitz produced which track?
In which place did Princess Maria Luisa die?
What is the mascot for West High School
What is the highest education level taught in Lowell School?
what are the organization which has Bahrain?
what must be clicked to watch Mr. Wrong?
What is the classification of Oscar?
where is end of Proserpine?
What is concert tour of Heaven & Hell?
Stranger in My House corresponds to which season?
who is ship builder of Golden Fleece?
What was the name of the sequel of Commandos?
Author of Aimee Semple McPherson is called by what name?
what are soundtracks for Lady, Be Good?
Directors of Endgame?
what are the organization which has Brixton?
what location is partially contained by Nigeria? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
Who is script writer for Tamanna
what is Alessandro Stradella's language
Who is director for Dancing at Lughnasa
What is the sound track of Peter Pan
What is the action to be taken to watch the trailer of  A Night to Remember in a theatre or on a personal device?
what is power of Zed?
Who directed Henry IV
Who is art director of Vacation from Marriage
what is Isla de la Juventud's league
What was the langage Motel was primarily released in?
To which relgion does Jack Stewart belong?
who is ship builder of HMS Ruby?
what is star for Mizar
Name the album next, after Jackpot
Who is the lyrics writer of Stick It Out?
What is name of director of Enchanted April
who is creator of The Wretch
who is the winner for The Voice of Vietnam
Name of the governmental jurisdiction that has jurisdiction over Sheridan Park
state which grade is the highest, taught in Valentine School
what was the type of competition Season 4?
What is the name of the public library which has Minneapolis Public Library as its public library system?
What is conference for Georgia Southern Eagles
Mention the rating of Meadowbrook High School
what is Jane Addams Children's Book Award's category
In which place did William Hopper die?
Who directed The Time of the Cuckoo
Which is language of Sadko?
Body of water that Veterans Memorial Bridge crosses?
What was the name of the album prior to The Movie Album?
what is Sully's genre
Monifieth is located in which country?
who is publisher of Monster House
AC/DC corresponds to which track
what inventions did Robert C. Thompson invented?
What is the difficulty category of Mile High?
What was the program created by Eric Clark?
What is the album after The Key?
State what made Rachel Lloyd famous?
Director for Johnny Got His Gun
What is the major cities connected by Route 1
Where was Legend shot at?
What is island group of Bosch
who is engineer of Sky Tower?
what is Ceres's mission
what is school of movement for The Creator
which fictional universe is Hellmouth related to?
Name the person who performed on Madness
who is creator for St. Sebastian
state the action to be done to watch the trailer of Teach Me
Name the tournament in which Marcin Jankowski participated in?
What is burial place for Alexander I
What is rated of Head On
What is appearance for Link
what is type of ride of Little Dipper?
Interworld was issued by whom?
What is genre of Nuts
what is school for Western Gazette
Who is musical artist for Strawberry Wine?
who is Stepping Out's director?
who is executive producer of Have You Met Miss Jones?
First person to summit Mount Olympus
Who invented Silhouette
What was the instrument played by Jessica Bailiff?
Director for The Light in the Piazza
What is active ingredient of Bactrim DS
What is sport of St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers
what is prequel of Pools of Darkness?
what are the organisms of Yulong?
What is sport for Norfolk State Spartans?
subject of Dana毛?
Who is music director for Anupama
Editor for Stolen Kisses
which person of organization is resposible for Pigeon?
who is the cinematographer of Escape Velocity?
Who is casting director for Get Carter
What is the name of one of the season of This Life?
name the institution associated with Michael Porter?
State what made Steve Schneider famous
What is the position of Daniel Gonz谩lez on the team?
What is Ghost Town's production company
who is museum director for House of Terror?
What is canonical brand name of Lindane
What is the subject of Self Portrait
What are comic books published by Egmont
What is name of art director of Artists and Models
the release of Billy Gilman is known by what name?
The Jungle Book's sequel
what is Pyrazinamide used to treat exactly
Where is the place of death of Henry Stephenson?
What is Shelbyville High School's school district
Who is the child of Berthold Hochschild
which is football division of Idaho State Bengals?
What is occupation for The Viscount Goschen?
Where is the place of death of George Payne?
the releasing company of Devudu Chesina Manushulu?
what type of human language is Gal?
What is school district of Rodriguez Elementary
what is brand name for Dibucaine?
Mention the instruction to prepare Cranberry / Orange Sauce
which museum is of Globe type?
what is name of Aspen's museum director
What was the set location of Heart to Heart
Where did Harry Clarke pass away?
state which grade is the highest, taught in Walnut Grove
The Professor was created by who
name the descriptor on the webpage Crossword
list of films written by Peder Pedersen
Sir Henry Jackson won which award?
What is the name of the series Resident Evil belongs to?
Kinky is of what genre?
models in line for R101
What was the name of the event that preceded Men's Synchronized Platform?
List of movies that Alex Wolf has been in
Who is art director in The Grasshopper
what is fight song of BYU Cougars?
name the manufacturer of Zafirlukast 10 film coated tablet?
who is writer of No Quarter
in which location did Operation Checkmate occur?
what is the action that must be taken to make a reservation at Siena?
RRS Discovery's ship class
what is Cangrejeros de Santurce's league?
what is discovered element for Saint
Where did Hunted originate?
PhotoRec is in which computer software?
Where is the place of death of Thomas Sutherland?
What was responsible for the death of Craig Owens?
Director for Dead Funny
specify the name of the ranking list that shows Notre Dame Fighting Irish's ranking
What is offered at Mama Rosa's?
Brian Lynch contributed to which literary series?
specify the name of the release of Farewell?
What is the name of the final edited version of The Last Voyage?
state the descriptor of Bayer
what is central processing unit of Xbox 360
What was the set location of Lemming
What is the name of the director of Return to Eden?
what is Blackout!'s plot?
specify the name of the program of Flame On?
What is the currency used in Colon?
What is birth place of Sally Boyden?
Designer for Disneyland Railroad
What was the event that was held in National Mall?
What is Zooman's genre
what stadium does Penrith play in?
which is spin off for Cannonball?
Aspire was done by who?
what is Notre Dame High School's school district
What is the position of Ashley Westwood on the team?
What is the category of Eris?
Who broadcasted The Tavis Smiley Show?
what is sequel for Ceremony?
Who is publisher of Worms World Party
Trackmania Turbo's platform
who is founder of Cannae?
What is color of Michigan Stars
Why is Thomas Morton known?
What cities does Racovi葲a River go through
what genre is Profile
Which game was published by M2?
Lawyers in Hell belongs to which series?
who is script writer of Murderous Intent?
who follows Eve 6?
state the scope of Rodina in which it operates?
What is city near Williams Lake
what language does people from Isle of Man speak
state the name of the sequel of Death in the Family?
What was the review on A Splendid Exchange: How Trade Shaped the World?
All or Nothing's developer
Which company is game developer for Disney's Aladdin
which is Holy Cross Crusaders's conference?
who made Sri Lanka
Who is producer of Clover?
Which is park of Shuttle Loop
what is legal status for Ertapenem
What is genre of Urban Myths
mention the genre of Dust
who is manufacturer of Caproni Ca.1
who is artist of Ovid among the Scythians?
what is color of Alpha Delta
List of films written by John Morgan?
what is the pregnancy risk for Dopamine
What is the scope of Freedom Party in which it operates?
Sakura was created by who
which season corresponds to New Zealand?
What are the written work of Face?
What is 82nd Infantry Division's branch of armed force
what is the rank of Rope?
What is observed meteor shower for Taurus?
What is the category of Hurricane Iris?
Which is architectural style of St. Stephen's Episcopal Church?
What is the name of the conference in which Morehead State Eagles competes in?
what military conflict was Samuel Cooper deployed?
Who is director of More Stately Mansions?
state the descriptor of Aplab?
who is the letterer of Marvels?
who is museum director for Mitchell Center
What is sport for Serie A
what are The Bouncer's species
which is architecture style of Marble House?
Who is director for That Championship Season
name the classification of Jezebel?
what is the name of the airport of National Car Rental?
who is artist for Soliloquy
What is Rio Hondo Junior High School's district
what is university for The Northern Light
who is music artist for Hockey
what is the game series for Mr. Driller?
who is inventor of Parachute
what is music scale for I Kissed a Girl
Olympic games in National Stadium?
what is publisher of The Secret Service
Who is The Journal's owner?
What is the original language of By the Numbers
What is the name of the institution associated with Robert Rosenthal?
Who is director of Equus
where is University of Rochester's founded place?
specify the content of Zone
Who is director of When We Are Married
who is Tokunoshima Airport's operator?
state the person who participated in Fish Wars
What is sport of Arizona Wildcats?
what is brand name of Ginger?
who is the artist appearing in Nagmamahal, Manay Gina?
where was Tommy Tiernan held?
List of movies written by Brett Lee?
who is the lyrics writer for Bonnie and Clyde?
what is summary of Whales?
what type of descriptor is Marylou?
West Village Historic District's managements
What is the sport played by Emil Johansson?
What is the name of the program of No Way Back?
Field of study of Robert Watson
isotopes of Titanium
What is summary book of Lockdown
state the genre of I Second That Emotion
where was Metals X incorporated?
what type of story is Defiant?
What is school of movement of The Running Man
state the action used while requesting a taxi to go to Abstract
who is lyrist for Too Many Girls?
Who is director of Scenes From An Execution
one of works of The Fire Within?
what html layout engine interfaces with Flock?
what is media of The Farm
over which place does Georgia have jurisdiction?
Where is Devin Taylor's place of birth
Name the program created by David Broome?
What is specie of Barney
mountain ranges of Mount Arab?
name an event similar to Judgment Day?
what is appearance of Shrike?
What is the name of the child organization of Western Shugden Society?
Which is the video offer of Hellion?
where did The Voyage of the Dawn Treader take place
What is the currency used in Jeju?
engine types of Swift?
what html layout engine was used in Waterfox?
What type of electronic product is supported by Dell XPS 13?
Jet Lag was shot at which place?
what is adaptation of Anjuman?
Which is the bridge of Han River
mention the language of Rewired
what is one of work written by John McCrea?
What is the scope of People's Justice Party in which it operates?
What is the ranking of the genre of The Medium?
Where is home stadia of Santa Cruz
Mega Man Zero's sequel
Who is first person to climb to top of University Peak
A list of movies with Alex Shepherd in them?
which is conference of East Tennessee State Buccaneers?
who is the manufacturer of Oxcarbazepine 300 film coated tablet?
how exactly did George McElroy die?
in which market was Temple Run: Brave sold?
Name the location that is partially contained by Canada? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What stadium does Springfield Cardinals play
State what made Bill Thompson famous?
state the domain of Alan Turing?
what is language of The Flood?
What is the next album after Freaks?
Alfred Bester created what character?
What is architectural style for Federal Office Building
state the subject of Ayer?
Which program was created by Jeff Pope?
Name the album next, after North Country?
what is sport of Stetson Hatters?
what is official color of Boston University?
What are the books written by Jonathan Penn
what are teams in Bolton?
what is division of Houston Aeros
state the type of Dryfast
which book edition was illustrated by David Roach?
What is name of Taxi's casting director?
movies written by Eric Smith?
What was the name of the location in which James II: Day of the Innocents was held?
Who is architect for Holly Theatre
what is quote of John Biddle?
who is the author of Blue Ice?
What is the name of the episode that precedes Baby Boom?
Who is director for Scenes From A Marriage
What type of habitat does Tumba live in?
Pieces was shot at which place?
Who is owner oh Tamil Thalaivas
who is architect for St. Andrew's Episcopal Church?
what is division for Idaho Vandals
what is DSS's classification
What is the position of Felipe Dorta on the team?
what is Scientometrics's subdiscipline?
Karthika's parents
what is stated on the software license of Argus?
Who is director for Lucky Guy
what is Lamb of God's musical scale
What is the name of the public library which has Portsmouth Public Library as its public library system?
which is Jekyll & Hyde's rating
which organization presented The Oscars?
what are The Queen of Hearts's species?
which instruments were played by Richard Hill?
mention the type of release of Cinemagic?
what is Yu Cao's inventions?
What is the name of the march for Royal Guards?
What is the location of Union of the Centre?
who are lyrists of Forbidden Broadway: Rude Awakening
List of films written by Ben Myers
What is sport for Vancouver Grizzlies
What is name of place where Ernest Pollard was born?
Name the album that consists Black Sheep
Where is beginning for Carneros Creek
What is name of place where Derek Wells was born?
builder of Pivdennyi Bridge?
what is the optical drive included in Cybernet All-In-One PC IONE-GX45?
What is the education school for Black Star?
which comic book character was created by Terry Moore?
what is Into the Light's media
who supported Billy Idol?
What was responsible for the death of John Anderson?
Who is an author related to John Fay?
which electronic product is supported by ASUS ZenFone 3 Deluxe?
Who is reponsible for influencing Xscape?
where is West's place of birth?
ranks for Bay High School
What is grave John Gregg
State the location partially contained by Kiswara? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
John Evans produced films?
what is genre for Disney's Aladdin
which magazine belongs to Feminism ?
What is the name of the final edited version of The Work?
who is Paul Scherrer academic advisor?
What is the name of one of the season of The Finder?
What is mountain ranges of Mount Emerson
state the price list of QuiteRSS
who is academic advisor of David Suzuki
which is a cut version for A Touch of the Poet ?
what is platform for Divided We Fall?
Who directed An Enemy of the People
Mineral's higher classifications?
what are launch sites for Sputnik
What is the genre of Literary theory?
mention the reveiw on Chum?
which is architecture style of All Saints Anglican Church
Where did John Guest pass away?
state the action that is required to be done to contact Crossroads?
Where is tomb for George Harris
the winner of Season 6?
major cities on Valea Dracului River?
state the location partially contained by Imbabura? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
to watch Jamestown, what must be clicked on?
what is Peppermint's class?
who is orchestration for Sugar Babies
Who is soundtrack composer for Black and White?
What series does Cotopaxi belong to?
what actor appears in Call My Name?
What is the rank of Dark Water
what is Spirit of St. Louis's model
Dark Angel setting?
Is there a sequal to The Confession: A Novel
What type of a campus does Cortona Academy have?
state the action that is required to be done to contact Active Life
what is place of birth of Mike Fisher
who is designer of Cheyenne?
specify the location where Aaron Williams studied
who is librettist for Fool's Paradise
what is a criminal act comitted by Michael Johnson?
what is religion founded by John Wesley?
In which country is Independence Party located?
Who is manufacturer for Scooter
the social network profile of Celestino is known by which name?
Mountain range for Crystal Peak
Who or what is Covington named after?
who is music composer for Nothing but the Best?
name a department of University of Denver
Who is tv program creator of To Tell the Truth
in which form is Topiramate 200 film coated tablet manufactured?
what is end of Duncan?
The name of Hermes's parent
What is the album after Night Vision?
What is the language of One of Us?
What is the subdomain of Martin Taylor?
what is the launch site of Angara
Who is music composer of The Gunfighter
Name the album next, after Whitesnake
What does Deimos orbit around
what must be done to play music of Beans on Toast?
who is the cover artist of Summer Love?
Who is director of The Rose Tattoo
Which award was won by George Richardson?
what is media of The Sphere
What is mountain range of Heidkopf
what is fight song of Colorado Buffaloes
South Korea comes from which fictional universe?
who publishes Transformers
who is librettist for Mozart?
Who is architect for PNC Tower
name the episode directed by Lizzie Borden?
What are olympic games hosted for Garmisch-Partenkirchen
what is theme song on Treasure Hunt?
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to The Runaways
who is creator of The Morning Star
name the musical composition which is recorded on Doom and Gloom?
what is color of Union County High School?
what is name of Batman: Arkham Asylum's creator
Which is Eye of the Beholder's mpaa rating
What series does Marriage 脿-la-mode: 4. The Toilette belong to
What is the highest education level taught in Comanche Middle School?
What is Rider Broncs's sport
What are the languages used in Rescue?
state the rating of The Egg and I
Specify the number of people to which Impossible Lemon Pie can be served
what city was University of Belgrade founded
The Jazz Singer's cinematographer
On the team, what is the position of Mehdi Shiri?
Where did George Davies pass away?
John Robbins plays what type of roles?
state the action that must be clicked on to view details about Henry Taylor?
What are comic books published by Image
Where did Demon originate?
what constellation is V4641 Sagittarii in
What is appearance of Ellie
Which is architectural style of Calhoun County Courthouse
What is sequel for Dawn of the Dead
Dice is written by which writer?
Where is place of birth of Brian Flores?
What is one of the seasons of Holding Back the Years?
what is chemical series of Argon
who is the manufacturer of Ofloxacin 3 solution?
What was the book editions published by Elizabeth Stark?
Brave New War: The Next Stage of Terrorism and the End of Globalization's cover is of which type of binding?
What are teams of Reynolds Field
What is sport of Cangrejeros de Santurce
what are the affected areas of Hurricane Humberto?
Name the conflict at which Roger Williams was deployed?
where was Unicorn shot at?
Name the product related to SingStar?
Who is the captain for Belgium
what is founder of Dick Smith's
what is color of Charlotte High School
what software languages were used to create Art of Illusion?
David Gilbert published which editions of the book?
What is name of executive producer of Much Ado About Nothing
at which place was Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. incorporated?
name an edition of A New Flame?
from which recipe collection was Franziska taken?
What was the name of the event that preceded Men's Rope Climbing?
who is Telephone's lyrics writer?
What is St. James Cathedral's religion
which agency is under the jurisdiction of West Indies?
Phobos's star system
on which link can I Fall to Pieces be played?
which is park for Maelstrom?
Which is the video offer of Mandrake?
Who directed The Tempest
The Warrior's editors
What is birth place of Toby Sheldon
which audio pertains to Walt Whitman?
State the ranking of the genre of Notebook
Where did The Kindly Ones originate?
name of discoverer of Titanium
what is Commonwealth High School's district?
Which is Wildsee's inflow source
what diseases does Helium prevent
What location is partially contained by Hanging Rock? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What is the optical drive that is included with Dell XPS 13?
Magnolia Manor's managements
Who is soundtrack composer of Private Eyes?
where is place of origin of Sorry!?
Montreal Gazette is in what language?
Which championship does Egypt win?
What is the name of the character from Evil under the Sun
What type of descriptor is In Utero, in Tribute, in Entirety?
What is stadium name for UC San Diego Tritons?
What was the name of the event that preceded Men's 50 kilometres Walk?
What is bridge type of Washington Bridge
What is the preferred webpage of Howdens Joinery?
editors of The Car
What is Monroe High School's mascot
What mountain range does Mount Kamui belong to
contractor of Trump Plaza
What is the name of the place Ragazzi originated from?
bridge that crosses Godavari
who is the winner of Best Direction
state the name of the author related to William James?
What is the name of the award presented by Ministry of Education and Research?
What is star in Mu Bo枚tis
What was the name of the film for which the set deisgner was Caroline Ward?
Gross Anatomy corresponds to which season?
What is prequel for Resistance 2
Name the location that is partially contained by Triple Divide Peak? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What is the currency used in Kamenice?
what is Fossils's summary
Who is The Barber of Seville's librettist
what is the name of one of the season of Black Box?
What is place of birth for Iqbal Singh
Who is tv program creator of Wife Swap?
which rank is higher than Class's rank?
what is Arthur R. Grossman's inventions
Combat's manufacturer
state the book editions published by George Lawson?
who is Predator's designer
who is artist for Dogs Playing Poker
Who is Westside's tv program creator
What is theme for Space Mountain?
Washington State Cougars is a member of what division?
name the album prior to Satisfied?
name the product related to Dark Ages
Who is tv program creator for Ti Ti Ti?
Name the location that is partially contained by Uma Jalsu? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
Where is place of death for Frederick Miller?
Who is script writer for Marlene
name a music artit similar to earthlings?
mention an edition of Booty Call?
state the publisher of Across a Sea of Stars
what is the organization of Sasuke
Who is the manufacturer of K6?
What is sequel for Grip of the Shadow Plague
what may Cabozantinib prevent?
name the award presented by High Times?
Who is the person who participated in Joseph Maraachli?
Which is role in footballs of Bob McChesney
place of origin for Bloodhound?
what is movement of Magic Mirror
who influenced 999?
Who is executive producer for The Killing Kind
what is the position of Bobby Wood on the team?
who follows Apocalyptica?
What is Jim Hunt known for?
What is the name of the end of M2?
What is sport of Palmerston
Who is story contributor of The Johnstown Flood
what inventions did Steve Jobs make
What is genre for The Great Outdoors
What is the department of Louisiana State University-Eunice?
What is sequel for Tom Sawyer
what is the original language for Undeniable?
what are major cities at A4 motorway
What is name of place where Antonio Capuano was born?
What is architectural style for Halfway House
what is the main campus of Medtech?
What is color of Illinois State Redbirds
what is Alice Miller's competition won?
which company developed Pilot?
which accident was linked to R101?
Who is orchestration of Cyrano: The Musical
What is Fred's appearance in book
what is All Around the World's place of first performance
Chamberlin Elementary School's rank
What is genre of Dancing with the Stars
Mention the name of the country in which Aspergillus fumigatus 0.1 injectable solution is available
Who is director of You Never Can Tell
What is the name of the place Ozone originated from?
what is brand name for Zinc
what is cause of death of Gene Scott
who is winning team for Men's Football
please list the game series for Master of Illusion
what is Perses's organization?
what is Notre Dame Fighting Irish's fight song?
What software languages were used to create Snappy?
what kind of story is Black Friday
What is the difficulty category of Lady of the Lake?
will they make a sequel to Shadow Game?
what is district of River HomeLink?
which company is game developer for Gremlins 2: The New Batch
Who is Here I Am's lyrics writer
state the type of Bitterzoet
What are Chico River's basin country
Aroga is of which industry?
Who is director for Orphans
What is sport of East Carolina Pirates?
what are teams in Librazhd
who is credited with Dione's discovery?
Director for The Man of Mode
What star system is Moon in
Who is in charge of casting for Dawn of the Dead
List of movies directed by David Rose?
mention the price list of MuLab?
state the track in Circular?
what is period of Maurice Cullen?
What is the sports team that takes second place in King of the Ring
What is the name of the character from Cutting Class?
what is mission of Moon?
provide the video offer of The Threepenny Opera?
what is a comic book by Valiant
what genre is The Witcher
What is the scope of Workers' Union in which it operates?
who is the author of Beyond Einstein: The Cosmic Quest for the Theory of the Universe?
What is St. Vitus Cathedral's religion
Black Swan was shot at which place?
What is the highest grade taught in Linn Elementary
What was responsible for the death of Marx, Karl?
who is orchestrator of Passing Strange
What is Girija Devi's place of birth?
Which track had T3 as the producer?
state the preferred webpage of Anchor?
What is the name of the game played on Java?
what is artwork in Mont Sainte-Victoire
who made Clifford?
who is The Pinnacle's contractor
What was the name of the album prior to The Globe?
Which is a cut version for Hercules ?
what is media of Sleepers?
What is the name of the actor in Big Ticket?
what is Whitney's education school?
State the version of Metal Gear Solid 3: Subsistence?
what is manufacturer of Vega?
Who is originator of ACT
Which is island of Lake Erie?
List of every movie directed by Jonathan Jones
state the gender of Susan Berman
what location is partially contained by Elk River? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
Who was responsible for the illustrations of Beany Goes to Camp?
What is place of birth of Jack Cotton?
What is the name of the child organization of Momentum?
List of movies directed by Ernesto Fundora
what is the action that must be taken to make a reservation at Union?
Which is inflow source for Long Lake
in which place did Cesare Battisti die?
name the team to which Lorenzo Gonnelli belongs
A list of movies with Andrea Kwan in them
Who are Anne Manners's kids
How is Hyperion classified?
who is designer for Endeavour
what is Mario & Luigi: Bowser's Inside Story's prequel
what is Carmina Burana's meter
Movie art directors of Snow White
what is the sex of Akhil Kumar?
which is league of Niagara Power?
Who is the winner of Dancing with the Stars?
What is name of Black Christmas's casting director
To which relgion does Jim Nicholson belong?
Which was the conflict James Avery deployed to?
who is executive producer of Secret Places?
What is the major cities connected by N1
who follows Chad Valley?
Which championship does Fenerbah莽e win?
name a character from Taste?
what location is partially contained by Tanner? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What military conflict was John Ward deployed?
Who is tv program creator of Cracked
who is designer of Sovereign
What is the album after Cover Girl?
What is the language Onda Latina is in?
What was the langage Danny was primarily released in?
Where is place of birth for Caleb Smith?
who is Yara's tv program creator
Which is architecture style of Aberdeen?
What was the name of the engineer who worked on Telescope?
What is famous adaptation for Bellman and True?
name the program created by Wikipedia?
What is Sulfur used for
Who was the supporting artist who performed with Martin Taylor?
What is the range for Buffalo Pass
what is Salt's lower classifications?
A Stone for Danny Fisher uses which language?
what is outflows of Salmon River Reservoir
What is Eric Bobo's album
who is Correio da Manh茫's owner
What is prequel for The Sorcerer's Apprentice
What is the consumer product under Emoquette?
what is the sex of Bismillah?
List of movies that Chris Fischer was in?
What is the position of Malik Smith?
who are Frasier's parents?
Specify the operating system that Wax works on
Who is publisher of Death Rally?
In which place did George Scales die?
Cinematographer of Come Out and Play
Mention the identifier for Signal Mountain .?
Where was The Invisible shot at?
What is Transition's aircraft type?
What is the original language of The League of Frightened Men
Who is art director for Quartet
who is creator of Lionheart
name the film for which David Franklin is the set designer
What is th position on the team of Steve Kennedy?
To which relgion does Romanus belong?
in which language is Sense?
What was the name of the first release of You Needed Me?
What is the name of the school located in San Antonio?
David Wheeler's field of study?
What is adaptation of Abhimanyu?
Who is the developer of Amoeba?
what is Ether lower classifications
What time zone does Park live in?
State the keyword that corresponds to Peter Hall
builder of The Century
What is location for Green Bridge
What is district of Lindbergh Elementary
What is the video offer of Wikipedia?
director for Rock of Ages
What is place of burial of John Spencer?
what is the mascot of Okeechobee High School
specify the platform on which Child Development Perspectives runs
which is a cut version for The Bell ?
to view details about Bride of Frankenstein which actions must be clicked on?
Who is casting director of Little White Lies
who is the author related to Mike Irwin?
What was the name of the film for which the set deisgner was Warren Campbell?
What is place of cremation for Alan Morris?
What is brand names for Rotarix
in which short story did Dmitry appear?
What is Preston Smith's place of birth
Which is rating for Miss Julie
Where did The Immortals originate?
what city was Alchemy founded?
State the language that Brooklyn was primarily released in
who served as vice president under Jimmy Carter?
State the scope of People's Electoral Movement in which it operates
Giotto's launch vehicle
A Matter of Time has an edition with which name?
name the director of One Moment in Time?
What is the gender of Jimmy?
what type of descriptor is L'Amour Toujours?
what is the name of the sports team of Union College?
Who or what is Anderson named after
what was the name of the actor who performed in Ant-Man?
What is the position of Chad Johnson?
What is genres of Lajja
which is park for Space Shuttle
What are the affected areas for Hurricane Nora
Specify the instruction to prepare Italian (Turkey) Sausage Soup
Which is rating of The Day the Earth Stood Still
in which location did PAIS 2015 occur
what is the mascot for The New School?
Active ingredient for Xylon 10
Who is casting director for Exposure
World Trade Center's contractor
Canadian Expeditionary Force armed force units?
kind of government in Venezuela
what is The Lady of Shalott's subject
State the name of the album prior to Move Me
What is the former name for New York Giants?
Which is color for Brooklyn Kings?
composer of The Fortune Teller
what is specie for White Witch
What is the mascot of Mount Pleasant High School?
Please show one of the episodes of Decision
who is Seagull's designer?
Morehead State Eagles is a member of what division
What is the star sign of Jane Campbell
What is the setting of Oz?
state the preferred webpage of Grand Hotel
State where can The Loved Ones be purchased online?
Who is casting director of Big Girl
What is stadium name for Georgia
Who is Staying Alive's costume designer
What kind of descriptor is Guitar Man
What is official color of Freeman High School
University of San Francisco has what type of sports team?
what does Eris orbit?
what is well-known ship of Cutter
what is team owneds for Dave Allen?
What are species of Nessus
what is city by Sucker Lake
What is the catologe calue that corresponds to All Night Long?
What is sport of Hong Kong
Galatea's star system
What is the name of the organism of Cheetahs?
Ferdinand's star system
What is the descriptor on Capri?
who is author to Catwoman
who is recording artist for Beyond the Pale
Who was responsible for the illustrations of The Bears We Know?
state the author of Behemoth
what was the track produced by Paul Buckmaster?
state the name of the graphics card in Fujitsu LifeBook L440-B?
What stadium does London Tigers play in?
where is place discovered for Sue
Mention the instruction to prepare Hot Caramel Apple Cider
What is island group of Thompson Island
what is the setting of Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith?
releasing company for Scatterbrain
what is the rank of Bent?
Which is architectural style of Fairview
to view details about Food which actions must be clicked on?
what is the language spoken in Twilight?
Montana State Bobcats is a member of what division
what is the position of Ronaldo?
who is director of Henry IV?
who performed on Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat?
Who is casting director for Beautiful People
Who is Commercial Building's architect
What is the basin country of Scott River
What is Tenerife's competition won
What are the languages used in Time Machine?
Who is the spouse of Eduard Kübbar?
Where did Poison originate?
What is Altoona School's school district
state the position of Craig Morgan
What is bridge type of Brooklyn Bridge
what is genre of American Girl?
Name of the governmental jurisdiction that has jurisdiction over Norfolk
What is city near Horn Pond
What is sequel for Screamers
A list of movies with Christine Chang in them
What is theme for Around the World in 80 Days
manufacturers of Eighteen
what is name of place Heikki Ritavuori was born?
Ship class of HMS Terror
state the activity related to Bighorn River?
Which city does Portland Pilots represent?
state the language that Mignon was primarily released in
What is space mission of Enos
who is creators for Mister X
What is city by Gull Lake
mountain ranges for Green Mountain
University Club's managements
On the team, what is the position of Felipe Garcia?
who is executive producer for Bigger?
what is executive producer for Dead and Gone
what is category of Drama Desk Award?
One Hundred Years of Solitude is of which program?
Which is architecture style for Methodist Episcopal Church South
Which state is Squak Mountain located in ?
What is the currency used in Ruda?
who is an academic mentor to Amir Najmi
what is Tungsten's chemical series
the release of 2012 is known by what name?
what is legal status for Chamomile?
What is the location of ATV?
Who is director of Hedda Gabler
what are major cities of Bond Street?
What is prequel for Kailashey Kelenkari
Who or what is Adams named after
specify the difficulty category of Middle Creek
Which is Madagascar's rating?
who follows The Rovers?
What is the genre of Mutt and Jeff?
what is category of Prix Aurora Award
in which tournament did Serious Gaming participate?
What is action that needs to be done in order to reserve Hotel California?
which accident was Jetstream involved in?
state the name of the episode that precedes The Crossing
Who or what is Ontario named after?
what is movement of Afternoon Tea?
Where is mouth of Clarence
Name the album prior to Global Warning
where is built place of USS Columbus?
What kind of bridge is Broadway Bridge
launch site of Bell
what is architect style for Thomas Simpson?
who is the winner of Asian Film Awards
who is children for Mr. Magic?
which mountain range is Snake Pass located
What is architectural style for Temple of Jupiter
Name the type of descriptor Heroes is
St. John the Baptist Church's religion
which company is developing company for Severed?
Who is casting director of Floating
Name of place where George Sefcik was born?
What is the desinged building of Charles Evans
Who is director of Don Juan
who is the author of Brigham Young?
the developer of Drop Zone is known by which name?
What is city by Clear Lake
Who are cinematographers for The Mugger
What is the link on which Niggas in Paris can be played?
Who is director for Red Scare on Sunset
who is artist of Manga?
Who is architect of St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church
what are launch sites of Europa?
Which is the lowest grade taught in Corryville Catholic Elementary School
Who is creator of Phineas?
What is city by Lake Geneva
who is manufacturer of Samsung Galaxy Mega?
To make a reservation at Celeste, what is the action that must be taken?
List of movies that Arnell Powell has been in
What is the name of the book that corresponds to Chicken Fried Steak?
which program was created by Nathan Hale?
What is conference of Western Michigan Broncos?
Alan Turing inventions and discoveries
Who is director for The Shape of Things
State the scope of United National Front in which it operates
which is conference of Appalachian State Mountaineers
what is the character of Kaddish
what is Cordelia's education school
Parents for Charles Whitehead
What is Brooklyn Dodgers's sport?
who is originator of Sweatshop?
What is school district of Fifth Ward Elementary School
John Alexander won which award?
what is mpaa rating for Totem
class Bee pollen?
who is creator for Z1?
What is the genre of The Quests?
Weston Centre's contractors
which conference does Bryant Bulldogs belong to?
Who is Between Heaven and Hell's script writer
what team is Doc Holliday currently coaching
who is creator of Dybbuk?
What is rating for The Visit
what type of campus does Norwood School have?
casting director for Visitors
Kyrgyzstan's government type
Columbia Elementary School's ranks?
What is the album after Ultra?
Who is writer for Daydreamin'
what are soundtracks for Titanic?
what stadium does Swift Current Indians play in
Which app do you think has Team Foundation Server?
Who was the letterer for Batman: Arkham Asylum?
What cities does Knife go through?
What is the scope of Alliance for Democracy in which it operates?
what is district of Valley Stream Memorial Junior High School?
drug class for Lavender?
what is lower classification in Cassis?
Where does Matt Davies live?
Appleseed is of what type?
What is the classification of Charlie?
What is list of book written by Lee Evans?
state the cataloged value of The Walker?
State the position of Jim Miller
The Morning Show is aired at what time?
What is the name of the social network profile of Chelsea?
Who is The Citizen's owner
Which is rated of The Bomb
specify the name of the computer software which contains Steed?
Where is place of birth for Mattias Karlsson?
name the stock exchange related to Neuralstem, Inc.?
Who is director for Camille?
Who is architect for St. Michael's Church?
Mention the genre of The Predators
what sports team does The Lions own
Name the location Peter Barrett lives in
state the subject of Ambitions?
Mention the genre of Ben Lovett?
what is end of Williams River
What is Berry Elementary School's district
What is the ethnic group David Levy belongs to?
what is Ursa Major's galaxy?
How does Pine Creek Elementary School rank
name the program of The Mighty B!?
in which short story would you find Kama?
What is the name of one of the season of Nurse?
What is the name of the award presented by International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam?
In which place did James King die?
what is the class for Nettle?
state the domain of John Yates?
Tantalum's isotopes?
type of government in Bhutan?
Name the album prior to Woodstock
which conference does McNeese State Cowboys belong to?
which is constellation for Mu Bo枚tis
what is Britt's quote?
Who are parents of Elizabeth Hart
Name of creator of Helena?
What is the gender of Nirmala?
What is the language used in Bleeding Through?
What is famous adaptation for The Front Page?
What is Santi Quirico e Giulitta's type of place of worship?
what is Presbyterian Blue Hose's conference
Grand Canyon was shot at which place?
mention the rating of The Academy?
what kind of story is A Day at a Time
Which is architecture style for St. James the Greater
What is sequel for The Sky is Falling
Specify which soundtrack belongs to The Grinch
Name of the governmental jurisdiction that has jurisdiction over Ministry of Environment
What is architectural style for Townsend House
Who are governing bodies of East End Historic District?
What is the highest education level taught in Paradox Valley Charter School?
Where did John Church pass away?
List of movies written by Michael Kirk?
what is the keyword associated with John Hughes?
name the event that preceded Men's Decathlon?
What is name of place where Adam Walker was born?
What was the name of the event that preceded Women's 1,000 metres?
who has jursidiction over Sultanate of Oman?
who supported Kiss ?
who was the producer of El amor?
who is engineer for Benson Tower
What is name of founder of Homage
what inventions did David Warren invented
What is the name of the journal published by Mark Miller
state the name of the book what corresponds to Archer
What is the show time of One World?
Director for She Loves Me
what is Central's school district
which team is Dennis Green coaching
Name the album prior to Connected
What area has El Mundo?
What is the subject of Blackbird?
who are Connections's editors
State the position of Jason Jones
Who is soundtrack composer of Click
who is music artist for Kung Fu Panda 2
what invention did Avicenna invent
name the domain of John Mitchell
What is a capital of Avellaneda
who is the letterer of God of War?
What is theme for The Lair
who is soundtrack composer of Creep 2?
Where is place of birth of Grant Young?
what is genre for Underbelly?
National Museum of Fine Arts's museum director
list of films written by Jeff Johnson?
please list the game series for UEFA Euro 2004: Portugal?
Where did The Executioner originate?
Babel was shot at which place?
Cinematographers of Kalte Heimat
what is the postcode of Dammbach?
what is park of Salama?
What is city near Quabbin
launch site of Terra?
Movies produced by Jonathan Jones?
what is Betsy's appearance in book?
what is martial art student of Virus?
the contractors for Centennial Hall
What is famous adaptation of The Pearl?
which sport is played by Joe Jackson?
what is architecture company of Central Presbyterian Church?
state the type of Homestead?
Who is music director for The Great War
to watch the trailer of Joker what is the action that must be taken?
What is sequel of Sniper: Ghost Warrior?
Major cities on Stevens Creek
what software languages were used to create JonDo?
Record label of The Godfathers
name the video showing how to make Salsa?
what is the name of Granada Undivided High School's mascot?
One of episodes of The Legend
what is country of origin of One World
Wonderful Carrot and Raisin Salad is hight in which food fat?
who is art director of Good Grief
Who is script writer for Minna agechau
which is Mike Wilson's martial art?
state the action to be taken to make a reservation at Trace
Name the languages used in Instinct
What was the location at which Alien Sex: The Body and Desire in Cinema and Theology was published?
which comic book has been lettered by Ben Oda?
where is place founded by First Christian Church?
What location was founded by Imaginary Friends
what is Pyh盲j盲rvi's outflow location?
what is variation of Viola
What is name of executive producer of Gray Matter
What is manufacturer for Wildcat
Who is director for She Stoops to Comedy
Who is executive producer for Isolation
What is the dish that is made by Atlas?
mention the language that Creator was primarily released in?
Who is the publisher of A Concise Guide to Algebra 1?
What was the cause of death of Howard Smith?
what is instrument family for Recorder
which is martial art of Ben Saunders?
What is Florida State Seminoles's sport?
which is John Cooper's team?
in which city does John Muir Trail exist?
which team is Jason Simpson currently coaching?
where is built place of Zephyr?
which instruments were played by Brian Collins?
Star Trek's publisher
What is type of ride for The Jester
what is Bryant Bulldogs's division
What is Kismet's adaptation
where is burial place of Kennedy?
what is school of movement of Pericles: Third Series
who performed on Turin Brakes?
name the director of Matchmaker
Shiver's casting director
What stadium does Hamilton Steelhawks play
which track was engineered by The Guru?
What is the scope of Law and Order in which it operates?
What type of bridge is London Bridge
What all movies did Dev Sharma play in
Home of the Brave is of which program?
Name the program created by Jim Leonard?
What was the name of the track engineered by You & I
What is sport for Syracuse Stars
what is the page on which Bhuvan can be downloaded?
Name the place Blaze originated
what is Beaufort's ship type
What is the name of the organization that has Clark
For Buddy, when does the fiscal year end?
what is mountain range of Medicine Lake
What is Special Education Esy's school district
who built The Big Top
What is Aggrenox's ingredient
which team does Brian Kelly coach now
Too which city does Richmond Hill belong?
Where did Maniac originate?
one of episodes of Rubi
What is prequel of Brimstone
What is school district for Eugene Ware Elementary
What is Moel Eilio's mountain range
What is the composition created by Bill Meyers?
Who is director of The Elaborate Entrance of Chad Deity
What stadium does Sanjoanense play in?
what is competition won by Hungary
in which country is Nitrogen 992 gas available in?
Which place is Agia Varvara located at?
kind of government in Mongolia?
the game series of Geneforge?
who is story contributor for Eulogy
Where is place of birth for Beth Morgan?
Name the place Sect originated?
What type of a campus does St. John's College have?
Who is director for Night Moves
of what language is Qatar Radio?
isotopes of Argon?
who is director of The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby?
Chris Robinson was director of what movies?
what does Leukemia contains of?
what is Cotopaxi's art genre?
which is architectural style for Orpheum Theatre?
which player is Austria's team captain?
state the publisher of Competitive Cost-Based Pricing Systems for Modern Manufacturing?
What is city near Lake Como
who is NFL Blitz's developer
who is Minesweeper's developer?
what is Link's appearance in book?
Where is place of death of T.O.S.D.
who influenced Eddie Shaw?
film of Out of Control?
what is Fury's appearance in book
what is type of Type 7103 DSRV
what is the cataloged value of By the Sea?
What is the religion of John Whitehead?
What type of a campus does Sacred Heart High School have?
Over the Rainbow is aired at what time?
What is appearance of Madeline
What is Space Hulk's genre?
Directors of The Hothouse
what is power for Young Merlin?
who is creator for AgoraNews?
state the gender of Nathaniel Williams
what is bridge type of Walter Taylor
What was the set location of Blood of Man
which audio pertains to Hocus Pocus?
What was the rating of Quagmire like?
who created the illustrations for Stuart Little?
Mention the instruction to prepare Bacon & Leek Quiche
name the tournament to which 2010 French Open 鈥?Wheelchair Women's Singles belongs
who are the composers for 702 Punchlines and Pregnant: The Jackie Mason Musical
what is the mascot name of Minnesota Golden Gophers?
What is sequel for The Thing?
who is the set designer of Farm?
what is It Came from the Desert's genre
what was the track produced by Chad Valley?
What is the scope of Southern Express in which it operates?
Which museum is with a type of School?
state the genre of Cicada?
What is category of Costume Designers Guild Award for Excellence in Fantasy Film
who is creators for Watchmen?
specify the action that is required to read Brink
What is the postcode of rhodes?
Who is director for Hair
in which language is Candela?
What is the rating of Turtle Bay?
Who is director for After Ashley
Specify the action that is required to read Diplomacy
What is the releasing company for Monk
What is the action that is required to read Bedlam?
What is place of burial of William Graham
mention the part of the event included in Three Kingdoms
what is park of Firehawk?
where was Crank published?
What is the classification of Champ?
the name of the mascot of Renaissance High School?
what is spectral type of Altair?
What is adaptation of The Bad Seed?
school district for Monticello High School?
where was Developing Reading Skills: A Practical Guide to Reading Comprehension Exercises published?
What is place of origin of Come Fly with Me
what is martial art of Peter Jackson?
what is prequel of Enemy Territory: Quake Wars
Which competition has an award type of Tennis?
who is The Main Event's tv program creator
what stadium does Hapoel Tel Aviv play
what is the highest grade taught in Buckeye
what is popular Sanjuro's practitioner?
name the instruments played by Iron
which is the outflows of Quabbin?
What is the next album after Shaft?
what is name of This Must Be the Place's casting director?
What is the name of the place Kids These Days originated from?
Which is architecture style for Oak Hall
what is a criminal act comitted by Warren Hill?
specify the action that is required to read Curtain Call?
Where did Billy Scott pass away?
Name the type of descriptor Out of Control is?
Olympic Stadium's contractors
Alumni Stadium's contractors
Who is director for Aida
who is owner for Niagara Power
Awareness has an edition with which name?
Movies David Davis has produced?
what is The Scapegoat's school of movement?
What kind of government does Zaire have
which city does Iberia represent?
Where is inflow source for Lake Springfield
what is mountain range for Whiteface Mountain?
name the leader who played the role of Provost
what is built place of Marco Polo
One of recurring event of World Series?
What is sport for Krka?
what is The Apartment's original language
Which is architectural style for Des Moines River Bridge
What is prequel to I, Alex Cross
in which position is the player in Lorenzo Gonnelli?
Sweet Leaf is of which track?
state the action to be done to reserve Point Lookout?
Temple Beth-El's religion?
where is Nitin Gadkari's place of birth
Who is Caitlin's creator?
What is school district of Hillcrest
mention the sports statistics of Michael Graves?
School district for New Haven High School
What is name of place where Alan Burgess was born?
What is The Missing Piece's summary
name the stock exchange related to Black Hills
Please show one of the episodes of Off the Map
List of movies produced by Kevin Campbell
The Man Who Died Twice's composer
what is Chibi Maruko-Chan no Taisen Puzzle Dama's platform
Which program was created by Bernie Su?
which product is related to Cutthroat Island?
Name the conflict at which John Harris was deployed
Wembley Stadium's olympic games?
Creator for Triton
V.I.P.'s cinematographers
What was the location at which Raphael Soriano was published?
What is burial place of Rex Ingram?
what is the name of the stock exchange relating to Strauss?
Who is director of The Master and Margarita?
what is the location of Candela?
what division is Western Michigan Broncos a member of?
In which position does Alex Anderson play?
casting director for Future Weather
mountain range of Beacon Hill
What was the name of the track engineered by Tore Johansson?
what is observed meteor shower in Scorpius?
Who is tv program creator for Witness
Christian Counseling Center can be contacted after which required action?
what was the cause of death of Michael Martin?
who is art director for The Black Robe
who is tv program creator of Bravo!?
What does Interstate Bridge span across
State the scope of Union of Democratic Forces in which it operates
What is place of origin of Men Behaving Badly?
Name of architect of Greenville Commercial Historic District
What is the name of the social network profile of Alejandro D铆az?
What type is Options?
Russia are captained by who
what is Never Say Never's genre
State the name of the recurring event which is a part of Cora vs. Schneider?
what is Leonardo's architect style?
Where did Travels originate?
state the name of the first release of America
name the place DJ Dan originated?
Vincent's Bedroom in Arles belongs to which series?
buildings of Robert Kerr
Director for The Provoked Wife
What is the name of the activity that corresponds to Little River?
What is power for Dawn
Who is music director of Follow the Boys
What is the phone number associated with Luton Airport?
periodic table block of Helium?
What is the name of the computer software which contains Chromium?
Who is director for Jekyll & Hyde
What is the field of study covered in Crossings?
what type of human language is Hermit?
What is inflow source of Kirchsee
all movies that Carlos Lorca has played in
who is ship builder for Comox?
Name the album prior to Stuff
where is mouth of Schwarzbach?
What is the mascot's name for Tucker High School
What is school district of Central
What is place of death for Paul Mitchell?
where is University of Virginia's founded place
what html layout engine was used in Midori?
what is Iohexol's legal status
Breitenberg's mountain ranges
What is manufacturer of Thunderbolt
What caused the death of Ray Williams?
state the subject of 10:15
what stadium does Robert E. Lee High School play?
What is fight song for Georgia Bulldogs?
Where is home stadia of Sint Maarten?
which program was created by Tom Davis?
Big Bend has an edition with which name?
Who is director for The Diary of Anne Frank
who is director for Hide and Seek?
name the language used in Ha?
who is first ascender of Mount Ararat?
what is Ecce Homo's art work?
What is the former name for Twins
I See You is from which genre?
What is sport for Minnesota Golden Gophers
What is location of Howrah Bridge
who is art director of Roman?
what is place of first performance of Through the Looking Glass
state where Transit was published?
What is the religion of Saint?
What is executive producer for Chor Machaye Shor
who manufactured K12?
which is color of Mountain View High
What is the scope of National Salvation Front in which it operates?
Director for The Tap Dance Kid
state the position of Steven?
name the album next, after Sandy
What is North Carolina Central Eagles's sport
to watch The Rookie, what must be clicked on?
who is scriptwriter for Prime Target
Harvest is influenced by whom?
Brothers of the Knight uses which language?
name of designer of Metal Slug?
What is locale of Wabash Bridge
What is the action to be taken to watch the trailer of Felix the Cat in a theatre or on a personal device?
What is the album after True Romance?
Who is director of The Country Wife
Where did Robert Whitworth pass away?
What cities does McCloud River go through
What is the site that is protected by Ministry of Environment?
What was the final cut of 500 called?
name the language used in Speedin'?
Directors of Henry VI Part 2
in which continents is Choctaw spoken in?
who is 脥镁r贸ttaf茅lag Reykjav铆kur's owner?
who is art director for Creep
What is ability for Gideon?
Name the album next, after Skin Deep
what are sound tracks of Sunset Boulevard?
Which championship does Troon win?
what is the mascot for Florida State Seminoles?
what is sequel for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Adventures
Which instruments were played by Dave Sharp?
What is sequel to Men in Black
What is period for John Duncan?
who is music artist for Sea Level
State the cataloged value of No Way Out?
What is conference of Montana State Bobcats?
Chatra is located at which place?
War Machine's producers
United States Air Force is participated by which person?
what is color of Triangle
who is art director of The Necklace?
which is language of Dubrovsky
State the theme of the products Acorn Unisex Slipper Sock?
what is the zodiac sign of Chloe Sims?
Who is author for Humans
name a magazine in Parenting
What is the link on which Backpackers can be played?
what is the name of the stock exchange relating to Automotive Holdings Group?
What is the religion of John Williams?
the developer of Darkwing Duck is known by which name?
Where is Hugh Fraser's place of birth?
which is team for Aleksandar Petrovi膰?
what is prequel to Secrets?
what kind of bridge is Waterloo Bridge?
what is Spiel des Jahres's category
Who is Lassie's casting director
Name the author of Mexican Spiced Coffee
what is league of Little League World Series?
What type of electronic product is supported by HP ENVY 17T?
Who is Boyle named for?
What is the original language for The Years?
Who is the cover artist for Theft: A Love Story?
what does L'Arl茅sienne belong to?
which keyword is associated with Herbert Simon?
The Wild Party's lyrist
Rwanda's official language
Which company developed XS
In which place did William Reynolds die?
mention the language of Joshua?
field of study of Andrey Markov
Which is inflow source for Otter Lake
who is owner of The Globe
which company developed Ubuntu Studio?
What is name of creator of The Ringer?
lower classification of Polymer
in which form is Topiramate 15 coated pellets in capsule manufactured?
who is Daytripper's creator
School district for Winnebago High School
name the recurring event which is a part of Celebrity Big Brother
who is the contractor of Signature Tower?
what is the original language for This Is Why You're Single?
What is religion of Grace Church
what must be clicked to watch The Joke?
Which type of award competition did Britain's Got Talent participate in?
contractors of Willis Building
who has jursidiction over Government of Haryana?
What type is St. Mary's Academy?
What is country of origin of Rate
state the text describing the bried about The Green Girl
who is designer for Castletown?
what is Sheng's family
What movies did Ken Russell direct
what are Charlotte's species
what is architecture company of Air India
Who is director of The White Devil?
what type of human language is Chara?
what is main character of Berserk
State the name of the game in which Michael participated
state the language used in The Rover?
What is sport for Windsor Royals
what must be done to play music of Gene Johnson?
who is executive producer for All In?
Films written by Douglas King
Name the organization that has auburn
what is teacher for Yip Man
what is the name of the sports team of Robert Morris University?
What is the genre of Greg Howe?
Mark Brooks created what character?
who created The Queen of Hearts
what is Philadelphia Athletics's former name?
What is the name of the final edited version of Hera?
what is higher classification for Acid
what is Epidemiology's subdiscipline
who is author to The Bible Story
what is name of director of The Modern
Blast! was shot at which place?
Who is Mr. and Mrs. Smith's screenwriter
what are the affected areas of Tropical Depression Ten?
state the sports statistics of Rory Macdonald
What is the industry of Dancing on the Edge?
Ceres's discovery site?
What military conflict was The Earl Howe deployed?
who is creators for The Secret Service?
what is Indira Gandhi's place of cremation
who is doctoral advisor for Felice Casorati?
Who is the artist of Icarus?
Dibbs is of which industry?
who is the lyrist of The Magic Show?
What type of electronic product is supported by Samsung Galaxy Luna?
olympic games in Lord's
what is instrument family of Guitar?
What was the final cut of Something Fishy called?
What was the name of the event that preceded Out There?
State the name of the album prior to Milestones
which is rating for Southpaw?
what is Nothing but the Best's genre?
What was the name of the engineer who worked on Let Go?
Who is art director for This Earth Is Mine
what are outflow locations of Willow Lake?
where is built place of Far West
State the place from where 1991 is originated from
what is main character of The Sandman
On the team, what is the position of Terry Cooke?
Name the state in which Viewpoint is located in
Cinematographers of Falling Down
State which grade is the highest, taught in Gingerbread House
What is the name of the final edited version of The Cheat?
what type of a memory card is supported by BlackBerry Passport Black?
what does Zeus orbit?
Which is Gloria's mpaa rating
Specify the season name that corresponds to Brandy
What is the rank of The Prophet
What is the cataloged value of Restless?
what is canonical brand for Cabozantinib?
What is the language used in Light Years?
To which relgion does Jeff Smith belong?
what is team owneds for Charlotte Hornets?
cinematographers of Original
What is children for Reba
who is academic mentor to James Murray?
what is the setting for The Matrix
Iceberg Peak's mountain ranges?
What was the type of release of Collaboration?
state the sports statistics of Phil Harris?
what is specie for Biggs?
man who created White Rabbit
what is Sin's university
in which first edition would you find Twist?
Where did The Sorcerer's Apprentice originate?
Where did Wolves of the Calla originate?
Luther is named after whom
what is team owneds for Larry King
Morehead State Eagles's mascot?
state the name of the social network profile of Alexander Ross?
who is La Prensa's owner?
What is the video offer of Benji
What is the next album after Exit?
State what made Harry Hill famous
what is language for Orlando?
which political district was European Parliament election, 2014 located in?
what is the invention for Fuel cell?
whih city is represented by Ellwood?
Body of water that Blair Bridge crosses
What is the ranking of the genre of Mademoiselle?
What is name of art director of The Locksmith
mention where Road can be purchased online?
who is soundtrack composer for Aporia?
mention the subject of Genesis?
who is story contributor of Luggage?
Gadget was shot at which place?
what are the organisms of Chihuahua?
What is place of birth of John Munro?
Directors of Sweet Bird of Youth
Who is ship builder of USS Chickasaw
The Mural's editors
state the subject focussed on in ICCE 2013?
Lithium's isotopes
who is the author related to Jim Miller?
who is Murder's director
Who is director for The Collection?
What is the mascot for Slidell High School
Who is the cinematographer of Godmother
what is manufacturer for Lunar Lander
librettists for Ajax?
what are major cities at Bay Parkway
State the name of the album prior to Coalescence
Who is children for Sheila Kelley?
List of every movie directed by Fergal Reilly
List of movies that Alex Madden was in
Where is burial place for John Clarke?
what are Swat's basin country?
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Stagecoach
what was the march of Home Guard?
what is Alan Robertson's field of study?
To make a reservation at Cappadocia, what is the action that must be taken?
What is the basin country of Pegnitz
bridge that crosses Golden Gate?
what is music scale of Hard to Handle
what is Swarm's space program
what type of descriptor is Trilogy?
Who is director of My Children! My Africa!
What is the scope of Solidarity in which it operates?
What is space programs by Sputnik 3?
SD Gundam G Generation Spirits's platform
Where did Socks originate?
Architect for Freedom Monument was who
Who is story contributor of Rush Hour
which museum is of Palace type?
Duke University has what type of sports team?
What aviation accident was Ilyushin Il-18 involved in?
Who is script writer for Be with Me
place of origin of Lua?
What was the location at which The Historian was published?
which is the bridge of West River?
who is musical artist for No Tomorrow
Director for Golden Child
Who is director of Love's Labor's Lost
name of designer for Comet?
Name the author of Power Brownies
what is Blue Man Group's theme
What is the star sign of Lawrence Taylor
What is the next album after Dead Silence?
who is publisher of Zoombinis
What was the episode directed by Chris Power?
name the languages used in Yearbook
what is team owneds for Peter Moore
Who is story contributor of Unconscious
what is manufacturer of Mir
what is language of The Bear?
Name of creator of Wolverine
What is the name of the terminus of Wilson Glacier?
Name the type of Bangor West Central School
Rosa's editors
Which is architecture style of St. Michael & All Angels Church?
what is the releasing company of Caliente
What is mpaa rating for Drift
state the name of the track of Talk to Me?
What is prequel to Nemesis
What type of bridge is Fremont Bridge?
What is stadium name for Hapoel Tel Aviv?
What is sport for Bahamas
What is the name of the person who coauthored with Richard Freeman?
What is sport of New Caledonia
Where did Elliott Jones pass away?
In which position does Ryo Hasegawa play?
periodic table block of Sulfur?
Amine's lower classifications?
On the team, what is the position of Sam Johnson?
What is stated on the software license of Symphony
Directors of The Crowd
what type of a memory card is supported by Samsung Galaxy S II?
major cities on Ghighiu River?
What is the currency used in Mount Church?
Which competition has an award type of Spaceflight?
Which company developed Looney Tunes?
Who wrote script for Amleto
Where is inflow source of Mirror Lake?
What is end of Elizabeth
who is casting director for Cry-Baby?
who publishes Waru
what is variation Saxophone
What is well known ship of John Palmer?
which consumer product is under Daunoxome?
what are Ishka's species
What is the dish that is made by Garlic Rosemary Mashed Potatoes?
Which is the video offer of Anniversary?
what is competition won by San Lorenzo?
to watch Sirivennela, what must be clicked on?
what is Spellbound's prequel
mention the language of Mobile
in Arroz con Pollo which nutritional information is provided?
name the composition created by Ashley Parker
What is the classification of Chester?
Who is the winner of Top Shot
what is the name of the sports team of University of North Florida?
where is end of Sturgeon River
what is Ripsaw's type of ride?
Which place is Bafing located at?
one of the games in Mega Man X?
Who is orchestration of Matilda?
What is St. John's School's mascot name
What is the name of the end of Yellow Line?
Li Lei plays which sport?
What is one of the seasons of Sphinx?
Who maintains the structure State Highway 17?
What was the review on Cardigan Bay?
mention the price list of MindSpring?
what is John Todd's field of study?
the release of Boy Meets Girl is known by what name?
Lenovo 320-17AST 80XW has what supported electronic product?
name the institution associated with John Taylor
List of movies that Charles Villiers was in
what is Resident Evil: Degeneration's genre?
State the ranking of the genre of Giuseppina
What is sequel of Aladdin
What is Tropical Storm Bret affecting area
What software languages were used to create Tapestry?
Where did William Elliott pass away?
state the manufactured form of Levofloxacin 5 injection
What is type of place of worship First Baptist Church
What is specie for Aipom?
Where is place of birth for Ana María González
what is bridge type of Howrah Bridge
Government agency that manages Melrose
What was the name of the location in which The Last Post was held?
What is Heartstone's original language
which is inflow source for Lac Vert
What is the name of the character who appeared in RoboCop?
what is Swift Current Indians's league
what is 12's subject called?
who is recording artist of The Rainmaker?
What is district of Kickapoo High School
Mention the nationality of Bob Barber
Which is The Newsroom's rating?
launch vehicle of Coriolis?
what is the recurring event that is a part of My Froggy Clementine?
State the location partially contained by Mount Emerson? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
what is the religion of George Lang?
Who is tv program creator of The Starter Wife
name of architecture firm of The Colosseum
name the game version published by Virgin
What is the name of the final edited version of Whip?
what is theme for Alice in Wonderland
Where is Lake Springfield's outflow location
state the language used in Someone to Call My Lover?
Who is architect for St. Chad's Church?
who is the maintainer of Barnes?
What is type of ride for The Crypt?
What all movies did Darren Evans play in
Shadow Mountain's religion
who is the winner of American Association?
where is place of burial of The Earl Russell?
Who is Rock n' Roll's music composer
Which type of award competition did The Bachelorette participate in?
which election occured for Somerset?
State the scope of National Bureau of Statistics in which it operates
What is the download page on which Flamethrower can be downloaded?
Far Cry's developers
drug class of Dandelion?
Who directed Born Bad
Indigo was issued by whom?
Name the album prior to Black Light
what is galaxy at Columba
Why is James Martin known?
Which is rating for Fame?
Casting director for Paulie
what is the text describing a brief about Skirts?
What are species of Cornelius?
what is the ranking for Belleview Elementary School?
What is the name of the institution associated with John Rawls?
what is the terminus of Carbon Glacier?
What is the mascot's name of Brunswick High School
what is the name of Evansville Purple Aces's mascot
what diseases can capsicum prevent
Who is director for Leader of the Pack
What is the currency used in Dane?
what is manufacturer for Spirit
heidelberg was issued by whom?
what was the track produced by Will Smith?
mention the fiber used in Candlewick
Jason Wingard published which editions of the book?
where is first performance place of Symphony No. 1?
what caused the death of William Davidson?
which video shows how to make Crown Roast of Pork?
Why is John Marshall known?
what is the name of the computer videogame related to TOCA Race Driver?
What was the rating of Wilson Pickett like?
what is the chemical series Platinum belongs to?
Directors of West Side Story
What was the name of the sequel of Survival?
Who is director for Once on This Island
Where is place of death of John Randolph?
What is th position on the team of Brian Turner?
what is star of Ursa Major?
movies produced by Ben Miller
name the language spoken fluently by Greg Steele
what the names of comic books written by John Ridley?
what is martial art of Kevin Finnegan?
what is birth place of April Grace?
who is Twelve Chairs's writer?
which election occured for Bermondsey?
space agency of Scott Kelly?
what material is The Men made of?
which activity is associated with The Gorge?
Katie Mac' written work
Please show one of the episodes of Teletubbies
Where did The Golden Gate originate?
What was the name of the event that preceded Men's Light-Heavyweight?
What is place of origin of Karate
State the name of the album prior to Yesterdays
what is Lancaster's aircraft?
in which tournament did Lee Won-jae participate?
What is Richard Berry's record label?
Bo Berglund plays which sport?
Who is executive producer of Primos
what is colleges for The Parthenon?
name of person who discovered Pan?
What is name of art director of Seeds of Yesterday
To which relgion does Arthur Henderson belong?
What was the set location of Daag
What is the classification of Challenger?
What is the album after Soy el mismo?
What utc time zone is Oxapampa in
what is sequel for Reunion?
Who or what is Buena Vista named after
Hell's Half Acre is recommended to be used in which season?
Name the place The Impossibles originated
What is th position on the team of Brian Phillips?
Name the languages used in Tujh Sang Preet Lagai Sajna
what is manufacturer of Athena?
what is a criminal act comitted by Patrick Henry?
What is UC Irvine Anteaters's sport
the game series of Naruto: Ninja Council
where is gravestone for Richard III
where was Harvard Park shot at?
What is the descriptor on Covenant?
state the cataloged value of Basket Case?
What is 13th Division's branch of armed force
state the price list of Ares Galaxy?
what are McCloud River's basin country?
What is musical scale of Lollipop
subject of John Hancock
what is brand name for Mechlorethamine
who is musical artist of Naked Truth
Grace Episcopal Church was planned by what architectural firm?
Mention the gender of Andi?
Government agency that manages Martin County Courthouse
Burial site of George Wallace?
Person who created Claude?
film of Seniors?
one of episodes of The Legend
State the scope of National Democratic Congress in which it operates
Author of 1632 is called by what name?
What is Jon's appearance in book
what is the cataloged value of Cross?
Who is art director of Turandot
who is creator of The Last King?
What is name of composer of Who We Are
what is The Spire's original language?
What is sport of Super Cup?
Which is inflow source of Devils Lake?
which season corresponds to Is It College Yet??
Who are cinematographers for The Penalty
What is sport for Bundesliga
What was the set location of Ritu
Who is Deep Waters's story contributor
Which is architecture style for Union Hall
state the language used on Blinded by the Sun
What was the program created by Paul Norris?
Who is director for Another Country
what is the scope of Safir in which it operates?
what did John Mitchell invent
which company developed Nova?
which episode was written by Sam Bradford?
Name of place where Charles Brenner was born?
What is capital city of Linn
what is the action that must be done to play Live on Earth?
What is the position of John Taylor?
What materials are October made from?
Name the state in which Red Hill is located in?
What type of descriptor is Out of Control?
mention the language of The Full Monty
Who is architect of Lund Church
what is place of burial of Dilip?
What is Deane Waretini's record label
Who is the person who designed The Event's costumes
Bob Brown created what character?
What is the sport played by Angela Williams?
Builder of Trump Tower
What is Santos FC's sport
What is the scope of Popular Socialist Party in which it operates?
Name of author who wrote Necessary Lies
state the activity related to Toccoa Falls
What is Fairwood Elementary School's district
who is Savitri's librettist?
what is literary genre of Cairo
Movies written by Frank Logan
What is the scope of Revolutionary Communist League in which it operates?
Who is director for Mrs. Warren's Profession
What is conference of Florida A&M Rattlers
What genre is Kuchh Is Tara
what educational institution has College of the Desert?
what is William Murdoch's inventions
what is Donald Ross's place of cremation
Cinematographer of The Chicken
Stagecoach's cinematographers
The Knock was shot at which place?
what are the engine types of R100?
where is place of origin of Axis & Allies
manufacturers for Samsung Galaxy Core
What was the name of the location in which ABCs was held?
which electronic product is supported by Dell Inspiron 15 5567?
What is name of creator of Capricorn
What is the affected area of Hurricane Nate
What is the scope of Socialist Workers Party in which it operates?
What is division that Indiana Hoosiers is a part of?
Who is music director for Tonight and Every Night
where was WJZQ produced?
Who is director of A Poster of the Cosmos
which is the terminus for M2?
What is the soundtrack of Don't Look Now?
state the languages used in Of Two Minds
where did Tom Walsh pass away?
name the game in which Ryan Callahan participated?
launch vehicle for Ocean Surface Topography Mission?
what is the subject matter of Herbert Simon?
state the domain of Andrew Blake?
What is the name of the organization that has Lopez
What is periodic table block of Tantalum?
What cities does Cedar River go through
Name the album prior to Thank Your Lucky Stars
name of composer of My Way?
What is Hurricane Klaus affecting area
which team is Bill O'Brien currently coaching
what is launch vehicle for Omid?
Who is art director in Flatliners
Who is director of Electra
what is The tempest's school of movement
What is the name of the final edited version of The Promise?
What is place of burial of William Wilson
what is Diamondbacks's division
What is name of place Tony Turgeon was born
which was the conflict Sir Robert Robinson deployed to?
What is the next album after Defying Gravity?
What is the domain of Andrew Bernard?
what is publisher of Kinetica
What is architectural style for Cedar Crest?
what is the organization of Toad?
what is a criminal act comitted by William Blake?
in which city does Lafayette Square exist?
What is city by White Lake
what is artwork of Bathers
Time Machine is of which track?
what is region of Nara?
What is city by Sunset Lake
Where is Tim Blanchard's place of birth?
What is sport of Weber State Wildcats
mention the software developed by Infinite Monkeys
Director for Pageant
what is the text describing a brief about Just?
what is sequel for The Nine Tailors?
Name the event held in Uptown Theatre Napa?
Who is music composer of The Birthday Present
what was the setting of Tempus Unbound?
who supported Roper ?
state the ranking of the genre of The Citizen?
What is the name of the institution associated with Andrew Bernard?
In which position does James Lee play?
what is Hawks's former name?
What is the former name for Slovakia
What is story of Blackout!
Who are governing bodies of Jefferson County Courthouse
During what time is My Hero aired?
What area has The Argus?
To which relgion does Bodo belong?
who is related to How to Train Your Dragon?
names of Violinist of Hameln's characters
bridge that crosses Matanza
what is central processing unit for iMac?
where did Atmosphere originate?
Who directed A Tale of Two Cities
South by Southwest's winner
The Civil War's lyrist
Mr. Driller: Drill Land's platform?
Anderson is named after whom?
what is The Garden of Earthly Delights made out of?
state the name of the child organization of University Grants Commission
Where is the place of death of Karl Koller?
what is Angel of Better Days to Come's verse form?
who is director for Web
buildings of James Craig?
Which is architectural style of Mission Church
who is composer of Pale Horses?
Who is The Nest's music composer
name of the game published by Spike?
who won WWE Tough Enough?
Mention the gender of Vicky?
Who is Mills named for?
Who is director for A Class Act
what are Proserpine's basin country?
what is the bridge on Leaf River
What area has Arbeiter-Zeitung?
which is Electra's constellation?
who was the letterer of Mad Max: Fury Road?
what is the rank of The Villa?
What are species of Linoone?
who is discoverer of Rhea?
Who is director for Martin Guerre
Who is Yesterday's Enemy's director
What is official color of King Edward VI
What is Pakistan's sport
state the action to be taken to make a reservation at Epsilon
what is family of Yu
What was the name of the character in Memory?
What is the next album after Free Yourself?
state the category of Margaret
School district for Bay Springs Middle School
What was the name of the arist in Monitor
what is tour of Bleeding Through
State the name of the recurring event which is a part of The Challenge
What must be clicked on to watch The List of Adrian Messenger?
Who is children for Ken Carpenter?
Where is Christine Smith's place of birth?
what is the habitat for Kaluga?
what are Mera's basin country?
St. Cloud State Huskies is a part of which conference?
sound tracks of My Fair Lady
state the book editions published by George Roth
How is Jimmy classified?
What is name of Prague's casting director
which is mpaa rating for Altered States
mention the verion of JonDo?
A piece of heaven has an edition with which name?
what is Little Joe's manufacturer?
what is school of movement of Angel of Better Days to Come?
Who is art director in Submarino
Directors of The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui
Which is the rating of The Crash
what is the next step to be taken to play Jeff Martin?
what is the keyword associated with Paul Seymour?
What is the action to be taken to watch the trailer of Magadheera in a theatre or on a personal device?
what is locale of Blue Bridge
Sakura's organization?
Which is the maintainer of Fremont Bridge?
who is art director in My Lucky Star?
what is Toombs County's school district?
Who is Bendigo Airport's operator
what is prequel to Blues Brothers 2000
which are outflows of Lake of the Ozarks?
what is star of Castor
Official cause of John Glover's death
what is the action that must be done to play Monk?
state the location partially contained by Kriváň? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
state the name of the author related to Charles King?
which is position in football for Gary Anderson?
Who is music composer of Message in a Bottle
What is prequel for The Hound of the Baskervilles
What is the next album after Black Magic?
what is power of Invincible
Wind from the Abyss belongs to which series?
which museum is of Christian art type?
what is movie that has Bradley Johnson
What is sequel to The Uninvited
Which is Charly's mpaa rating
Where is Chocolate's place of birth
What was the program created by Michael Noonan?
what is Xenon's chemical series?
Name the album prior to Satori
Who was the letterer for Top 10?
What cities does Kettle go through?
State the name of the recurring event which is a part of Sunday Best?
Person who owns New York Empire
what is division for Houston Baptist Huskies?
What is the action to be taken to watch the trailer of Promised Land in a theatre or on a personal device?
who is architect for St. Francis River Bridge?
What is color of Blue Ridge School
who is the astronaut of Apollo 13
which is martial art of Michele Hicks
What was the name of the comic book story lettered by Image?
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Rogue
engine type of P-39 Airacobra?
Injustice's editor
what type of bridge is Chamberlain Bridge?
Who is Greene named for
Mention the genre of Bill Graham
Christ the King Church's religion
What is the name of the fictional universe in which It Girl appears?
Mention the nationality of Joe Russo
Name the classification of Max
Which is league for Cienfuegos
what is the genre of Goblins?
who is Langley named for
What is the sport played by Brian Morton?
Black Moon was shot at which place?
Directors of Guys & Dolls
Who is Water's casting director
Foreign Affairs's releasing company
What type of electronic product is supported by Motorola Moto E4?
Too which city does Longfellow belong?
What is Michigan State Spartans's sport?
what is Rhea's star system?
Directors of After School
name an event similar to 1999 Laurence Olivier Awards?
Who is the spouse of George Brownfield?
list of movies that Ben Oda has been in?
the first release of Sorry Seems to Be the Hardest Word was known by what name?
where is Dennis located?
Where is home stadia of Mali
what is manufacturer of Time Traveler?
the name of the mascot of Century 21?
What is the price list of Data Shredder?
Director for Blithe Spirit
sports team owned by Ministry of Internal Affairs?
which is constellation of XO-3
to watch Grand Slam, what must be clicked on?
what was the track produced by Mike Rutherford?
major cities on T芒mpa River
Who is Red Lights's casting director
mention the language that Trenches was primarily released in
what astronomical object had Carlos Torres discovered?
who is story contributor for Husk?
ship class of Clotilde
What is sequel to The Night Before Christmas
Which is mpaa rating for The Girl
name the language Lite FM is in
The outflow locations for Pelican Lake
What type is Gulf Trace Elementary School?
Who is publisher for Zombie Cafe
name a character from The Monsters
What is sport of Western Carolina Catamounts
what is variation of Trumpet
state the genre of Italian Greyhound?
what is a variant of Penryn?
major cities on Krishna?
State the name of the album prior to Constellation
Mention the identifier for Assateague Island National Seashore .
what is City at the Edge of Time's setting
How could you identify for the Performing Arts ?
who is script writer for Early Bird Special
Who are Drive's lyrics writers
Bua Thai Restaurant can be contacted after which required action?
what must be clicked to watch Mixed Blessings?
mention the reveiw on Qwerty?
Where is Mill River's river source
Where is Adenau located?
what caused the death of Robert Dickson?
state the sports statistics of Will Brooks
what is bridge type of Bridge of Sighs
A Call to Arms's literary series
who is operator of Yuri Gagarin
What type of descriptor is Waltz for Debby?
what is ability of Calypso?
Name the album next, after Double Take
what is Streaker's manufacturer?
subject of The Dinner Party
from which broadcast is Unintended consequences from?
what is Fugitive Pieces's adaptation
what is city on Elbe?
What is the album after Keep on Rockin'?
What is Cathedral High School's mascot
what medicine is included in Hives?
What is architecture style for Gunston Hall
name the classification of Chopper
Who is creator of Kevin?
Where is place of burial of Anthony?
What is river source of Mill Creek
What is the star sign of Hulk
What was the langage Press was primarily released in?
What is Salesian High School's mascot name
which field of study is Yeast about?
What is place of birth of Yuichi Ito?
What area has La Voce?
who is Kane's creator
What is the genre of Agile?
What time zone is Dobroselica right now
what is manufacturer of Curiosity
Mention the gender of Bertie
who is the director of The Double?
place of origin of Ragamuffin?
What was the name of the film for which the set deisgner was David Joseph?
ship builder for Japanese cruiser Tone
what is architectural style for Eden
Which are comic books created by Alex Robinson?
Who is Mahabharat's tv program creator?
Air War consists of which track?
state the name of the author related to Nathan Schneider?
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn's composer
What is the name of the character who appeared in Bedrock?
what are soundtracks of The Phantom of the Opera?
what is Twins's division?
What type of binding is Aging and Memory Loss: Hope for the Caregiver's cover?
mention the language that Motherhood was primarily released in?
Who is lyrist for Aladdin
What type of product is Aaththangarai Pillayar?
Name of director for Bhalo Theko
Which program was created by Rob Lee?
Northeastern University has what type of sports team?
state Mitsubishi A6M Zero's reveiws
what is the position of David Dunn?
name the event held in Mandarin Oriental, Singapore?
Saint Mary's Gaels is a part of which conference?
state the name of the album prior to From Here to Eternity
mention the language of The Main Course?
What is the bridge going across Nidelva?
Future developed which software?
List every movie directed by Alex Mitchell?
What is adaptation of To Dance with the White Dog?
what genre is Connie in?
what is the genre of Ogden Raptors?
which is Paul Harvey's martial art?
Where is Avalanche Lake located?
What is Blue Moon's prequel
Libera me's editors
what is Hemlock made out of
what is rated for The Leap?
Who is director for The Master Builder
what is Footloose's movie?
What is th position on the team of Archie Livingstone?
What is the download page on which Scanitto can be downloaded?
Who or what is Brewster named after?
What is architectural style for Greene County Courthouse
a list of movies with David Abraham in them
Beagle is of which industry?
what genre is Beetle Bailey in?
who is orchestrator for Bring in 'da Noise, Bring in 'da Funk
what is Eastern Washington Eagles's division?
What is the track in Believe You Me?
What is the name of the child organization of Nashi?
First man to summit Diamond Peak
What is rating for Visiting Hours
What does Themis orbit around?
which galaxy belongs to Galaxy?
What is Calcium gluconate used for?
State the gender of Bean
what is the main campus of West High?
state the name of the graphics card in ASUS Bamboo U33JC?
name the institution associated with Sam Adams?
what is The Goldfinch's subject?
What video corresponds to Man of Steel?
what is music scale for How to Save a Life
state the publisher of An Introduction to Time Series Analysis and Forecasting: With Applications of Sas(r) and Spss(r)
What is the area that can receive Discovery Channel?
artist who released album
what are Crooked River's basin country?
composers of Conrack
what is the name of East High School's mascot
which company developed Google Chrome OS?
which is spin off of Download
weight division of Frankie Randall
what is Jarvis's manufacturer
which product is related to Desert Thunder?
What are Swan Lake's outflow locations
Who is tv program creator of Password
What is capital city of Duchy of Courland and Semigallia
Mention the rating of Carlisle School
What was the name of the sequel of Downpour?
State the name of the person who influenced Bo Burnham?
Who is creator for Vincent's Bedroom in Arles
What is the name of the child organization of Compass?
who is Burke named for
which sport is played by Jason Cook?
what is architectural style for Elmwood?
what is Terra's manufacturer
Francisco's star system?
who manufactured Hercules?
where are Sherbrooke Lake's outflows
Who is main character in Warlord
What is grave Francis II
what is family of Cello
Animosity is from which genre?
Ian Robertson published which editions of the book?
Millennium Tower was designed by who
All the Brothers Were Valiant was shot at which place?
who is executive producer for Man Down
to watch Space Ace, what must be clicked on?
Who is director for The Dark at the Top of the Stairs?
who is composer for Crazy Love?
What is the name of the album that consists Circus
who is Warrior's builder
who is advisor to Alan Yuille
state which grade is the highest, taught in The Oaks Academy?
What is the education school for Richard?
what is genre of 150 Femdom Assignments for Your Sissy / Submissive?
who won Masterchef?
state the scope of Heritage in which it operates?
What is sport of Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles
what is Diamant's country of origin?
Mention the name of the place Sirius Real Estate was incorporated?
State the type of Springfield Middle School is
Which is the maintainer of Lamoille Canyon Road?
What is manufacturer for El Toro
isotopes of Helium?
what is architectural style for Sherman Park
what is the rank of The Ride?
What is the classification of Jenny?
which fictional universe is New World related to?
name the album next, after Raising Hell?
what is the original language for Between the Lines
Who broadcasted Dave's Lounge?
who is the cover artist for Revelation Space?
what is the ship class of HMS St Albans
What is the mascot's name of Northwestern High
name the language spoken fluently by Susan Berman
the releasing company of Among Friends
What is the soundtrack of The Little Mermaid?
Movies written by Jeremy Bradley
Who built St. George's Church?
who is Runaways's main character
Who is tv program creator for Partners?
what are the organisms of Dalmatian?
Source of Pelican River what is
Who is Robbery Under Arms's director
What is name of captain of Latvia
what is California Golden Bears's mascot?
what is the position of Kyle Smith?
what is category of Janusz A. Zajdel Award
over which place does Northern Ireland have jurisdiction?
Where is place of birth for Eugene Taylor?
What is The Beacon's university
What is Bill Evans's album
builder of The Diamond
school district for Shelbyville High School
List every movie directed by Chris Nelson
What is the language Southern Star is in?
What is the genre of The Perishers?
What is power of Sakura
Name the film for which Pierre Chevalier is the set designer
What is country of origin for Lucky Numbers
Which is The Clique's mpaa rating
what is literary series for Till Death Do Us Part?
Who are governing bodies of St. James's Park
what is Martin Taylor's field of study?
State what made Alan Cooper famous?
Which is spin off for The Late Show
Which is spin off of Good Doctor
What are the languages used in Loaded?
what is the program that belongs to Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles?
What is John Mason's burial place
What is the name of patent for 3-D interconnected multi-layer microstructure of thermoplastic materials?
Who directed All Over
name of designer for Transcendence?
who is executive producer of Action
what is The Signal's university?
which is the key for Merritt Island National Wildlife Refuge ?
what is grip of Chen Yi?
what is Samuel Adams's subject?
Who is Red's creator?
Which is Lake Louise's outflow location
Who is director for The Invention of Love
What is Pensacola Barracudas's sport?
what is team of Jay Wright
what is Dogs Playing Poker's art work
Who is director for Engaged?
What is the video that is linked to The Yard?
Who is the contractor for State Farm Arena
what is Someone to Watch over Me's scale?
What is Falcon's aircraft type
what is Church of the Epiphany's religion
what is first performance place of Háry János?
which is conference of Georgetown Hoyas
Where did Peter Smith pass away?
What is Bad Boyfriend's subject called?
who is related to Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha?
what is school color for Foreman High School
The Little Mermaid was edited by whom?
What is the mascot's name for The Hill School
What is the gender of Jin?
Cinematographers of Cactus Flower
what is Djurg氓rdens IF's competition won
state the action to be done to watch the trailer of Test Pilot
What is John Jay High School's mascot name
What category storm is Tropical Storm Jerry?
state the subdomain of Sam Adams
Mention the identifier for Mallard Marsh Campground .?
who is art director of Valentine's Day
what is the mascot's name of UTEP Miners?
which app does MSBuild belong to?
Where is place of birth of George Sutherland?
What is name of founder of University of Virginia?
Who is tv program creator of Family Matters
what city was Enron founded
Brooklyn Bridge's body of water?
where was The War of the Worlds produced?
What is the education school for John Wayne?
The Last Mile was shot at which place?
What is the classification of Chateaugay?
What is name of place where Simon Holmes was born
what is aircraft model of LZ 129 Hindenburg?
who follows Mark Stewart?
What kind of descriptor is Angels & Demons
Who is art director in Mad World
state the language of Messages?
who is orchestration for Victor/Victoria?
What is birth place of Daniel Massey
What are teams of Chaparral High
which person of organization is resposible for Mack & Mabel?
what is the rank of Broken Home
what is Lick Run's bridge
what is the program that belongs to The Voice of Holland?
Which is place of birth of Cassandra
what is Bowling Green Falcons's division
what is higher classification for Arsenite?
What was the criminal act Kenneth McGriff was convicted of?
who are Higher and Higher's lyrists
What is the classification of Smoky?
What is the desinged building of Sam Collins?
team captain of Slovenia
what type of human language is Nakama?
What is the price list of Virtual World?
in which city does Monte Vista exist?
State the type of Nichols Elementary School is
name the zodiac sign of David Spencer?
Who are contractors of World Trade Center
What is sequel for The Misfit
What colors are official colors for Fordham Rams
What is the name of team captain of Denmark
mention the sports statistics of Jose Torres
which is mpaa rating for Daddy's Little Girl?
Name the type of descriptor Trilogy is
mention the genre of Butterfly?
What are the languages used in Treasure Hunt?
who is music composer of Replicas
What was the program created by Ethan Reiff?
Directors of A Clearing In The Woods?
For which issue was Ambition?
Sioux County Courthouse was designed by who
in which country is Clotrimazole 50 cream available in?
star at Libra?
Who is the set designer of Edge of Darkness?
Who is director of The Constant Wife
what is prequel of Demon?
What is name of captain of Hong Kong
Name the zodiac sign of Michael Bates
who is owner for Las Vegas Wranglers?
Where was Smiley shot at?
state the genre of Cariboo Country
who is the manufacturer of Dexamethasone 1.5 tablet?
state the gender of Steve Hopkins
What is the scope of Renewal Movement in which it operates?
Where is the outflow for Willow Lake
Who is director of Fiddler on the Roof
What is adaptation of Dial M for Murder?
what is the video offer of Without You I'm Nothing?
which is the rating for Divorce Court
who is the author related to Tom Walsh?
The winner of The Nobel Peace Prize?
Specify the instruction to prepare Orange Chablis Jelly
What is the name of the person who coauthored with Michael Jordan?
Which sport is played by Peder Pedersen?
It Came from the Nightosphere's composer
major cities on Lochsa River?
Who or what is Winnie-the-Pooh named after?
what is the composition created by John Powell?
List of films written by John Hays
who performed on YODELICE?
Where does James Phillips live?
Where did Walter George pass away?
Which are outflows of Blue Mountain Lake
who follows Whitesnake?
During what time is Frontier aired?
What is the name of the end of N?
Where was Mission shot at?
what is color for Fossil Ridge High School
What is locale for Henderson Bridge
who supported Eleven ?
which is martial art of Patrick Graham
Which software was developed by Rational Software?
mention the subject of Reborn?
The Breast is for which field of study?
Name the album next, after Nashville Rebel
what does Ta艧k枚pr眉 span?
what is movie that has Andy Russell
In which position does Chris Mueller play?
who wrote Spring's lyrics
All movies that Bryan Clark has played in
what is a criminal act comitted by Jerry Rosenberg?
What company owns Republika
What is the name of the computer software which contains Sumatra PDF?
Who is director for Dirty Rotten Scoundrels
what is Abhishek Saxena known for?
State which grade is the highest, taught in Turning Point Academy
which music artist is similar to John Clark?
John Smith's death was a result of what
which is religion founded by Zoroaster
To which relgion does Anne Bancroft belong?
Who directed Grey Gardens
Who or what is Cumberland named after
Where is the place of death of William Thornton?
What type of descriptor is K?
what is mountain ranges of Elkhorn Mountain?
Directors of The Rehearsal
What is the name of the book that corresponds to Claws for Alarm?
what are the books written by Jordan Lee?
Wadsworth Atheneum's museum director?
What is the name of the organization that has odessa?
who is writer to The Flashman Papers?
What is prequel of The Storm
name a music artit similar to Holly Cole
who is architect for Pont de la Concorde
What was the langage Bloodties was primarily released in?
What is the name of the track of Be Still?
What is Michael Evans's cause of death
What was the type of release of Die Another Day?
Name the tournament in which Team Rocket participated in
What is sport of Alabama State Hornets
What is mpaa rating of The Fighter
What is the name of the terminus of Reid Glacier?
which agency is under the jurisdiction of Cuyahoga?
what is league for Dallas
who produced Pound Cake/Paris Morton Music 2?
what inventions did Robert Whitehead invent
What is Elitserien's sport
What is the name of the film in which Baby Girl appears?
under which category does Chiron come?
editor of Rosa?
Directors of 42nd Street
who is director for The Force?
what is league of New York Giants
who is founder of Hartmann
What is the name of the computer software which contains BackTrack?
St. Peters Church's religion
what is Advance's subject called?
What is place of origin for Angara?
what was the cause of death of Henry Morgan?
in which short story did Henry Allen appear?
Who is Half a Sixpence's lyricist
state the action used while requesting a taxi to go to Cafe Amore
what is Sonar's ship type
which is a character of Booby Trap ?
Name the author of Green Beans With a Twist
who is architect of Elverum?
Body of water spanned Beaver Bridge
Name one of the season of Dear John?
What is the religion of Patrick Kerwin?
Who is designer for Republic Building
Body of water spanned Broadway Bridge
what is Sapphire's launch site
editors of Double Act
who is the letterer of Silver Star?
Mind over Matter is from which genre?
Who is music composer of Three Seasons
Lake is named after whom
who is publisher for Thunderhawk
mention the software developed by Beme?
what is the location of Democratic Union?
What is the name of the magazine that is of Fiction?
Who is story contributor of Fools Rush In
what is the audio pertaining to David and Goliath?
which is the outflow of Diamond Lake?
Director for In the Summer House?
Films written by Michael Sheridan?
who is publisher for Player Manager
what is mouth of Alder Creek?
Which is color for Unionville High School
state the rating of Heaven and Hell?
who is contractors of Wells Fargo Center?
Who was the supporting artist who performed with Taste?
Name the zodiac sign of Mark Miller?
compositional form for Looking for Love
state the price list of Eye in the Sky
what does Polydeuces orbit
who is Motherhood's writer
What is spin off of Room 101
state the gender of Adolph Deutsch?
What is name of founder of Socialist?
state the action that is required to be done to contact Buena Vista?
State the type of Fryeburg Academy is
which audio pertains to The Idiot?
Who is casting director for Wedding Night
What is Vacation's prequel
who was the illustration artist of Babies?
What is the major cities connected by Madison Avenue?
what is the step to be taken to play Firewood?
what is mascot's name for Thomas Jefferson High School?
what is star of Dorado?
What is the name of the closest airport to Auto Loan Solutions?
Who is casting director of Eva
What is School Days's summary
what is movement of The Little Helliad?
name the languages used in Summer Camp
what is color for Laredo Community College?
what is Tujhe Meri Kasam's movie
Who is director for Ghetto
What does Steel Bridge cross
name the artwork by Wikipedia article
What is the department of Texas Tech University?
what is bridge type of Veterans Memorial Bridge
Where is place of birth of István Pásztor?
What is the descriptor on Dreamland?
editor for Dot
at which place was Colas incorporated?
at which place was Obducat incorporated?
What is the name of Rick Hansen Secondary School's mascot
What is division of UTEP Miners
who is Qeqertaq's operator?
Name a music artit similar to Lenny Dee?
what is Sumo's well known practitioner
Where is the outflow of Bear Lake
what is locale of Broadway Bridge
what is the video offer of Carbon Copy?
what is PGA Championship's league
isotopes of Tungsten
what is manufacturer Firehawk?
James House's managements
What is spin off for Cheers
what movies have Doug Peterson produced
In which country is Comox spoken in?
What is Latvia's sport?
what is category for Spiel des Jahres?
What was the name of the event that preceded Women's Solo?
what kind of book is Hypnotic
What is University High School's mascot name
who is Cardiff's operator
Who is music director of The Take
What is the highest education level taught in Martin Luther King High School?
who is Marvels's creator?
Movies written by Jim Cruickshank?
What is the star sign of David Briggs
who are cinematographers of The Rehearsal?
What is color at Bennett High School
Which is color of St. Mary High School
who is the author related to Bob Phillips?
which is the rating of Homecoming
What are teams in Lord's
who is the director of The Deserter?
Where is place of birth of Bill Barron?
Aruba's type of government
who was the issuer of Pioneer?
Which organization presents Asian Film Awards?
Which is architecture style of Clinton Downtown Historic District
designer for The Great White
Where was The Falls shot at?
the release of By Night is known by what name?
which is the pregnancy risk of Thyroid
Who is designer to Wilson Building
what is executive producer for The Letter
Where is the place of death of Ray Elliott?
on which operating system does Systemax Venture VXP2 run?
what was the setting of A Song of Ice and Fire?
What are the languages used to create the source code of Rhea?
What is the language used in Satellite?
what is legal status for Bee pollen
which team is Joe Thomas coaching now?
what is college of The Maneater
What type is Creekside Elementary School?
What is San Marino's sport
who is architect to Greene County Courthouse
name the creative work about Television
What is subdiscipline for Topology?
What is gravestone of George Fox?
what is John Dudley, 1st Duke of Northumberland's place of burial?
name the recurring event which is a part of Wheel of Misfortune?
which accident was linked to North Star?
Discovery of Calypso
what is name of The Steel Claw's creator?
name the location at which Counting Crows was held
what is Commodore 64's central processing unit
What is the gender of Ridley?
what is brand name of Isavuconazonium
Drug class of vemurafenib
What is the name of the child organization of Republic?
Where will James O'Sullivan be buried?
What is birth place of Jim Griffiths?
Where is Daniel Flynn's place of birth?
Mention the genre of Big Wheel
Which is inflow source for Grand Lake
Mention the language that The Finger was primarily released in
Government agency that manages Central Fire Station
Where is place of birth for George C. Edwards?
What was the name of the character in The Masque of the Red Death?
Branch of armed force of 6th Division
what is fight song of California Golden Bears
What is legal status of Helium?
where is Colas located?
which accident was linked to Hawk?
who wrote Underneath Your Clothes's lyrics?
What is the name of the march for London Scottish?
Where did Richard Welch get buried?
what is the step to be taken to play My Truth?
What is name of place where Kent Larsson was born
which tournament was participated by ??
Mountain range of Mount Townsend
Shakira produced which track?
What is rating for Lonely Hearts
what is martial art of Billy Murray
What is chemical series of Mercury?
Evamist is used for
What is one of the seasons of Palace?
What is district of Humboldt Elementary School
What location was founded by Murmur?
Stardust presented which award?
Designers of Wild Mouse
What was the name of the album prior to Montreux '77?
who is casting director of Ivory?
Marilyn's librettists
composers of Rodgers and Hart?
state the activity related to Mount Sopris
Which is architectural style of Ashland Place Historic District
What was the name of the track engineered by Peter Moore?
which event was held in Warner Theater?
What is official color of St. James High School
What is stadium name for PFC Lokomotiv?
What is Gridiron Gang's production company
Name the location that is partially contained by Panorama Point? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
state the gender of Colin Bell
what is Derek Boshier's period?
List of movies that Derek Lee was in
Name the market in which Angel Rock is sold?
who was the letterer of World of Warcraft?
platform of LMA Manager?
Movie produced by Gareth Owen?
Zulu's editors?
Director for Broken Glass
What is the highest education level taught in Early Childhood Education Center?
What is prequel of The Truth
what is Trainz Railroad Simulator 2006's platform?
what is the page on which BOUML can be downloaded?
Which is the video offer of A Lesson in Love?
State the place from where Passport to Paradise is originated from
What is inflow source of Lake Evans
mention the genre of Charlie Sexton
Who is art director in Why me?
What is Tora-san's Lovesick's prequel
Where is Bobby Day's gravestone
Who is director for Rabbit Hole
Who made Sebastian
what is fossil type of Sue?
What is Mccall Elementary School's rank
Who is Buck Privates's director
what are the organisms of Rottweiler?
Which museum is with a type of Chess?
Typhoon Hester affecting areas?
What is category of Grawemeyer Award?
What caused the death of John Marshall?
Which is position in football for George Shaw
specify which soundtrack belongs to Easy Come, Easy Go
Name of place where John Carty was born?
in Jesus Christ Superstar, who performed?
The Alarm's creator?
Who is architect to Old Main
What is school district Valley High School
composer of Abe
mention the dish that is made by Black Jack
which is the key for Mount Langley ?
who is engineer of Marquis
what is variation of Oboe?
Who directed A View From The Bridge
who is credited with Miranda's discovery?
Which is architectural style for Green Gables
name the location at which Are We There Yet? was held
what is Horizon Honors Secondary School's mascot?
State the languages used in Ghost Stories
Name the location that is partially contained by Sentinel Peak? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
Which program was created by Robert Butler?
what is FIFA Ballon d'Or's category?
What was the fiber used in Ticking?
What diseases may Mechlorethamine prevent
what is publisher of The Pro
What is the currency used in Mirzapur?
mention the language of Musical Box?
What is Otello's place of first performance
what is Metal Gear Solid: Portable Ops's prequel?
What was the langage Tees Maar Khan was primarily released in?
What is Rock Creek Butte's mountain ranges
im which season is Bow Lake recomended to be used?
What is children for John Stewart
Kriv谩艌's mountain range
The Confidence-Man: Volume Ten, Scholarly Edition was edited by whom?
what is stadium name for North Shore?
what is a comic book by Helix
what is manufacturer of Boulder Dash
What is the name of the character from Nemesis
In which place did George Cox die?
Bunker Hill's mountain ranges?
Who is director of The Dybbuk
division of London Knights?
body of water spanned Dumbarton Bridge?
Who is executive producer for The Hunger
What is the difficulty category of Platte River?
name the film for which Jordan Graham is the set designer?
What are all movies that Atsuko Sugihara has been in
what location is partially contained by Benito? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
what is the education background of David Brown?
What mascot is for Franklin High School
which app does Windows Installer belong to?
what is Potassium's chemical series?
Director for Scarcity?
organization for Ashleigh?
what genre is Mutts in?
What was the name of the event that took place after Women's Aerials?
Which sport is played by Ahmed Ali?
What is the rating for The Price?
Who is story contributor of The Invincibles
What is the name of the actor in 1000 Words?
what is Hong Kong's sport
what is Woodlawn School's ranking
Who is director for The Three Musketeers
Directors of The Price
Bathers belongs to which series
What is concert tour of As I Lay Dying
mention the software developed by Dark Avenger?
mention the language of Haunted
what is Minnesota Golden Gophers's competition won?
Who is designer of Orpheum Theatre?
What was the name of the character in Harrison Bergeron?
Who is operator for Chiayi Airport
What is the scope of Democratic Alternative in which it operates?
Veterans Bridge's body of water
Samsung Galaxy J3 Luna Pro has what supported electronic product?
what is HIFK's captain's name?
what is religion founded by William Miller?
Fulton is the legislature of which reginal government?
name the language The Legacy is in?
Winner of MasterChef Junior
what is location of Samora Machel Bridge
Name the author of Company's Coming Carrot Puff Bake
To which relgion does Sarah belong?
name the program created by Carlos Mencia?
the name of the mascot of Marshall Thundering Herd?
On the team, what is the position of Agustín?
the releasing company for Monk
what is the position of Gino on the team?
Who is director for Waiting for Godot
which consumer product is under Alpha?
first person to discover Uranus
what is Herons lower classification
Which is architecture style of Red Covered Bridge
What is prequel for Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2x
Name the zodiac sign of Jason Roberts
state Molecular Biology's reveiws
what is Puerto Rico Islanders's league?
Who is designer of Oak Street School
Which is the maintainer of State Highway 14?
name the artwork done by Patrick Heron?
Which team is a member of Eastern Conference?
Who is Half a Sixpence's composer
what is stadium name for Rider Broncs?
What is the composition for which Mark Kingsmill was the creator
what is city by Jal Mahal?
what martial art does Johan Jensen practice?
Mountain ranges for Camelback Mountain?
Which is park of Wildcat
mention the verion of NoteWorthy Composer?
specify the spouse of Christopher Welch
in which film does Anand Sharma appear in?
who is artist for The Procuress?
Directors of The Night of the Iguana
state the person who participated in 8th People's Choice Awards
What was the name of the producer of Sweetheart?
Which is the maintainer of Interstate 495?
Lyrists of Irma La Douce
mention the sports statistics of Khalil Rountree Jr.?
where did John Daly pass away?
What is the name of the fictional universe in which Faith appears?
What is the sport statistic of Carlos Barreto?
State the cataloged value of Cross?
name of director for Tasha
lyrics writers of Stop for a Minute?
which game is played on Super Mario Advance?
mention the distributor of Dhoom?
what the names of comic books written by Simon Oliver?
what is the terminuse for M3?
California Peak's mountain ranges
what html layout engine was used in Web?
Who is creator of Nancy
Which software was developed by Jesse Vincent?
What is the name of the place Impending Doom originated from?
mention the language of The Usual Suspects
what type of a memory card is supported ASUS ZenFone 3 Ultra (ZU680KL)?
What is district of Leighton Elementary School
the setting of Beyond Sanctuary?
What is martial art of Mike Alexander?
Winner of Tribeca
the outflow locations for Lake Lanier?
what type of descriptor is Run Boy Run?
what are art genres of North South?
What is school color for Bradford High School
which election was occured in Ryan?
name the album prior to Mrs. Brown, You've Got a Lovely Daughter
Michael Baker's space agency?
Who was responsible for the illustrations of Stanley, Flat Again!?
Whcih literary series did Jeff Miller contribute to?
which is conference of Northern Iowa Panthers
Which is rated for Obsession
who is the inventor of 3-D interconnected multi-layer microstructure of thermoplastic materials
State the name of the album prior to At This Time
in which place did John Thomas die?
who is author for Curiosities of the California Desert: Historic, Offbeat & Forgotten Attractions
what is district for Elmhurst Elementary School
what genre is Goats in?
what is Skylab's launch site?
What is Mount Muir's mountain range
Specify which soundtrack belongs to Toki o kakeru sh么jo
what is the composition created by Joe Thomas?
who is discoverer of Bianca
What is the category of Tropical Storm Erika?
what is genre of Down to Earth
Who is I've Got Your Number's musical artist
What was the criminal act Frank Lucas was convicted of?
name the person of organization which is responsible for Joe Brown
Who directed Bedroom Farce
who is first person to discover Pamela Jones
what is star of Pegasus?
who is tutor of Vangelis?
What is category of Grand Prix?
What is school of The Campus?
Who is first person to discover Lithium?
what is main character in Madame Xanadu?
what is the name of the sports team of Stephen F. Austin?
Who is director for Agamemnon
What space agency did Rick Husband work for
what does The Trial belong to
Giovanni Martinelli's voices?
Roberts is named after whom?
Who is owner of Hapoel Ramat Gan Givatayim
Florence is of which program?
Name the album prior to Xanadu
What was the name of the producer of Only the Lonely?
What is district for Vision Charter School
state the action to be taken to make a reservation at Seven Seas?
What was the name of the track engineered by Toby Wright
what was the track produced by Carl Allen?
where was Saras incorporated?
the game series of Tetris: The Grand Master
where is end of Ottawa?
who is The Hit's story contributor?
what is the bridge on Humber River?
what is the name of one of the season of Free Willy?
What is the name of the version of Dancing in the Street?
state the name of the event that took place after Women's 800 metres Freestyle?
What is the next album after New Beginning?
Which is architectural style of Telephone Building
what is units for United States Air Force
what type of a memory card is supported LG Optimus G?
Where is place of birth for Antonio Vela?
state where Mercy was published?
What language is used for Storm?
What is the name of the book that corresponds to A Brush with Death?
What is the releasing company of Common Sense
Wing Commander IV: The Price of Freedom sequel
What is the name of the manufacturer of Aspergillus repens 20000 injectable solution?
What is the ethnic group David Williams belongs to?
Where did Eve originate?
What is the album after Never Forget?
where was Perry Mason produced?
Where is Ryan Harris's place of birth
What is category of Bavarian Film Awards?
Where is place of birth for Rhys Lloyd
what is mountain range for Big Mountain?
Dodo is a fictional character in which fictional universe?
mention the fiber used in Hessian
who does Panorama belong to
what is Sultan's place of origin?
What is district of Assumption Bvm School?
what is executive producer of Almost?
What is power for White Tiger
what is genre for Saboteur?
how is Franklin Twp High School ranked?
What is the name of the organization that has valparaiso?
what is college of The Wire?
state the genre of McArthur?
Who is director of The Model Apartment
progeny for Charlie Peacock?
What are stars in Draco
discovery site of Tantalus
name the leader who played the role of President
The Comet's costume degisners
name the event that took place after Women's Foil, Individual
What is the gender of David Hunter?
what are art genres of Washington Crossing the Delaware?
in which language is The Ranch?
who is related to Major?
Who is director of Grease
in which short story would you find Sorrowful Jones?
Catch Me If You Can corresponds to which season?
what is Potassium used to treat?
which is Sikkim's legislative capital?
Who are governing bodies of Mount Hope Cemetery
Director for Moonchildren
Who is director for The Dining Room
La Prensa is owned by who
the winner of The Voice of the Philippines
what is the mascot's name of Tennessee Volunteers?
Empire presented which award?
What is school district of Lamar Middle School
What is the currency used in Arroyo?
what is the composition created by Jesse Stone?
What is name of art director of Pedro e In锚s
What is the next album after Hell to Pay?
Mongolia's type of government
what is Réunion's body of water
who is champion team of Boston Braves?
What is city by Middle Lake
Name of place where Raymond Jones was born
Which is architectural style of The White House
What area has The Free Press?
where did Poker Alice pass away?
What is the name of the character who appeared in Violinist of Hameln?
who appeared regularly in The Real Housewives of Orange County?
What is the postcode of Springfield, New South Wales?
engineer for Signature Tower?
What was the name of the film for which the set deisgner was Bill Paxton?
Who is reponsible for influencing White Zombie?
who is writer to Building the New Underground Railroad: The Play Book?
what is Robert Pike's designed language?
State the name of the place were The Dennis Miller Show was produced?
Whcih literary series did Anders Jacobsson contribute to?
What is name of place where David Rudisha was born?
What is the mascot name of Notre Dame High School
state the sports statistics of Mike Brown
which is park for Gemini?
where was Jet Lag shot at?
What is Vladimir Yakovlev's place of birth?
what is famous ship of Destroyer?
who is the artist appearing in Front Row?
what is city on Kupa
What stadium does Saint Peter's Peacocks play
What is the platform on which Fahrschule Adler runs?
what is invention for David Wheeler?
what is the name of one of the season of Twelve Chairs?
Who is the publisher of A Guide for Nurse Case Managers?
where was Nobia incorporated?
Which governmental agency is under the jurisdiction of Scotland?
who is manufacturer for Avatar
State the religion followed by Ibrahim?
Directors of Dessa Rose
what educational institution has albany?
name the award presented by Critics' Choice
what is fight song of Nebraska Cornhuskers?
what is category of Soul Train Music Awards?
What is birth place of Brynhild Grasmoen
What is the name of the activity that corresponds to Independence Creek?
which is Clear Lake's island?
What is the catologe calue that corresponds to Madhouse?
Requiem's form of composition
What is the ethnicity of Jim Kelly?
What is the former name for Tripoli
state the genre of Malaika
what is the cataloged value of The Art of Dying?
compositional form of Wild Man?
Who wrote An Ache in Every Stake?
Game was issued by whom?
state the action to be taken to make a reservation at The Inn on the River?
What is the action that is required to read Clare and Francis?
which conference does Gardner鈥揥ebb Runnin' Bulldogs belong to?
state the price list of Killer?
Camelot is located at which place?
who owned Buffalo
what is Common Sense's releasing company?
state the text describing the bried about Leelai?
how could you identify Todd Lake?
what is the name of Thomas Simpson's building
what is Market Street Bridge's locale?
What type of binding is Boy from Lulu's cover?
Where is place of birth of David Marsden
What is first ascent of Alec Graham
Who is art director in Henri
which is school color for Thomas Jefferson High School
Director for Betty's Summer Vacation
What is the name of the computer videogame that relates to Village Sim
What is school district Mcfarland High School
The Masterpiece was built by what architectural firm
who supported The Cult?
who is Battle of the Blades's winner?
what is Miranda's subject
What was the name of the event that took place after Men's Platform?
What is sport of Moldova
Who is director of Richard III
what must be clicked to watch Guardians of the Galaxy?
what is the genre of Pearls Before Swine?
who is recording artist of Shadowdance?
what is Venture Academy's district
state the genre of Ernst Busch?
what team does George Smith currently coach?
Winner of International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam?
Specify the instruction to prepare Slow Cooker Cinnamon Carrots
who was the letterer of Batman: Arkham City?
Sexy was recorded in which location?
what is division for Indians?
What is the name of the episode that precedes Welcome to the Jungle?
Who maintains the structure Skyline Drive?
What is ingredient of Akynzeo
name the sequel of Girl Code?
what is rated for Fracture?
On what operating system does Shapeshifter work?
What is manufacturer for Vortex
what is Electrolysis used for?
Ashish's batting stats
what is Grey Goose's island group
who is owner of Army
to read IMAGE which action is required?
what is tomb for Samuel Hill
what is Ladybug's summary?
Who is soundtrack composer for The Ring
Mention the identifier for Castle Rock State Park .
what was the cause of death of Derek Roy?
who was the issuer of Coeur?
state the name of the track of You and Me?
state the ranking of the genre of Athena
What is the name of patent for Minimum cost solenoid magnet and method of making same?
what division is Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets in
Mountain range for Laurel Mountain
What was the book editions published by Jason Bradbury?
What is the composition for which Charles Aznavour was the creator?
compositional form for Forever Love
Who is story contributor of Affection?
What is official color of River View High School
who is designer for Wanderer?
what type of story is Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman?
What was the name of the first release of Budd?
Directors of Antony And Cleopatra
who is artist of The Tuileries Gardens
the game series of Power Strike?
who is contractor of Bowman Field?
What is the field of study covered in Manifold?
What is famous saying of Izaak Walton?
Who is soundtrack composer of Benji
What is color of UTSA Roadrunners?
what educational institution has Lomas de Zamora?
John Fitzgerald plays which sport?
What is the position of Tom Conway on the team?
What is company founded by Rafael Navarro
in which market was The Dark Forest sold?
name the film for which Sergey Volkov is the set designer
What is Propylthiouracil used for
The game series of Super Mario Bros. 2?
Digital Media Factory is of what type?
What is space programs by Planck
Which is the maintainer of Chiswick?
what movies did Chad Morgan direct?
what was the march of Yeomen of the Guard called?
What is the name of the character who appeared in Underbelly?
which film has Marta as the set designer
name a music artit similar to Tommy Scott
Name the actor starring in Wheel of Fortune
What is the name of the end of Subway?
what is publisher for Are We There Yet?
Bridge of Sighs's body of water
which sport is played by Daniel Horton?
star in Lupus?
what is stadium name for World Championship Wrestling
What is the religion of William Murray?
Which is a cut version for The Repentant ?
What is name of director of The World is Round
Where is mouth of Steinach
state the cataloged value of No Way Out?
mention an edition of Ball?
State the name of the place were From Scratch was produced
what is the name of the sports team of Marist?
Who is creator of Union Jack
Which position is Jim Price in
Heart of Gold is of which track?
What is architecture style for George Trimble House
what is Union of Soviet Socialist Republics's sponsored space program?
What is movie that has Chinonso Young
State the gender of Ling?
what is Nadja's school of movement?
what is Seattle Redhawks's conference?
What is movie that has Arvind Joshi
what is biological classification for Sinoe?
Black Peak's mountain range
specify the name of the program of Every Little Girl's Dream
What is the position of John Currie on the team?
who is architect for Jefferson County Courthouse?
Name the album prior to Ciclos
What is prequel for Jurassic Park III
what is Manchester United's former name?
Abe's lyrics writer
Who directed Clybourne Park
Who is director for The Audience
Which company is game developer for Soldier Boyz
What is the mascot name of Campbell County High School
what is the optical drive included in HP TouchSmart TM2?
Who is manufacturer of Firefly
Who is art director in The Picture of Dorian Gray
Boxer corresponds to which track?
which event was held in Seoul National University?
What are Dialga's species?
which is constellation of Altair?
Who is tv program creator for The Dorm
What is the name of the final edited version of Island of Lost Souls?
What is the original language for Flicker
Directors of Death of a Salesman
What is school district of Silverton Middle School
what is executive producer of Polaroid?
What type of binding is A Journey to Home, a Preemie Baby Book and NICU Companion Journal's cover?
organization of William?
what is Rickon Stark's organization?
Who is music director of Imagine
Specify which soundtrack belongs to Whatever
What is the name of the film in which Christopher Perez appears?
Mahoosuc Notch's mountain range?
Who or what is Dawes named after?
What is Venerable's place of burial
Name the location Dhairya Dand lives in
which track was engineered by Total Eclipse?
who is publisher for Thunder Alley
name the domain of John Hughes
mention the software developed by Punchline
Who are Almost There's lyrics writers
what is Dalmatian's place of origin?
what is constellation of Maia?
name the stock exchange related to Sabre
government agency that manages Walnut Grove?
Who is director for Art
The Marriage's librettists
of what language is Bug Bites?
The Ball's cinematographer
what is Chicken's type
Paradise Lost is influenced by whom?
What is the difficulty category of Natural Bridge?
What is mpaa rating of The Secret Garden
who wrote Queen of My Heart?
What is the setting in Greyhawk?
state the activity related to Cape Hatteras National Seashore
what are art genres of Dana毛
What is school district White Oak Elementary School
what is Kol's region
who is director of Masha?
What kind of descriptor is Soul Deep
what is fight song of Ohio State Buckeyes?
who is owner for Vasco da Gama?
Monte San Salvatore's mountain ranges
what is Haji's grave
What was the set location of The Escape
Who is contractor for Devon Tower
what diseases can Pyrazinamide prevent?
What is school district of West Orange-Stark High School
what does The Waterseller of Seville belong to?
What is brand names for Propoxyphene
Fighter is from which genre?
over which place does Ministry of the Interior have jurisdiction?
space mission that Michael Baker flew on?
State the religion followed by Venerable
To which relgion does Tom Davis belong?
Who is director for Parade
What is manufacturer Whirlwind
What is the piece of text corresponding to Made for Each Other?
What was the name of the album prior to Reunited?
body of water of Wabash Bridge
which election was occured in Westmount?
List of every movie directed by James Hunter
Where did John Thomas pass away?
State the location partially contained by Suyruqucha? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
what is the sex of Emilio?
who is Maximum Overload's casting director
kind of government in Burundi
Who is director of The Visit
what is team of Paul Hewitt
what is higher classification for Ether
name the event held in Municipal Stadium
What is genre of Momentum?
What is genre of The Passion
Sky Force's developer?
which is the space agency of Michael Collins?
What is the terminuse for Gyeongui Line?
name the graphics card of Lenovo ThinkCentre M58P 7479
What is place of birth for William Ryan?
Which is The Last Post's rating?
Who is the publisher of Wizardry?
What is name of theme song to Rescue Me
what is higher classification of Vulture
what is the drug class of Cabozantinib
In which place did John Daly die?
MDMA produced by
what are P芒r芒ul Morii's basin country?
David Hicks's parents
Which championship does Brazil win
The name of Alan Walsh's children?
What is Howe Elementary School's district?
who is script writer for Amleto?
Director for Footloose
mention the dish that is made by Allergy Relief?
Who or what is John F. Kennedy High School named after
Who are governing bodies of Hope Lutheran Church
Name of place where Alejandro S谩nchez was born
which is spin off for Uthiripookkal?
list of movies that Charles Butler was in
record label of Boom!
what was the track produced by Trail of Tears?
under which category does Altair come?
subject of Pietà
Who is Lightning's designer
who is academic advisor of Marc Davis?
which is weight division of Lee Jae-hyuk?
Record label of Flower
state the publisher of A Day in Eternity?
Dionysus's parents?
What is religion for St. Wilfrid's Church?
man who created Skipper?
What series does Vase with Fifteen Sunflowers belong to?
State the industry of Directech Solutions, Inc.
what is Northern Lights's adaptation
what is art work of The Olive Trees
Which is architectural style for St. Luke's Episcopal Church
where did Batman take place?
What is grave for Roger Jones
Which is rated for Happy Endings
The Two of Us corresponds to which season?
who is Double Time's musical artist?
What is the name of the public library which has Austin Public Library as its public library system?
Who is casting director of Leviathan
what is Sports's award category
What star system is Ganymede in
John Todd's building?
state the name of the book what corresponds to All Things Bright and Beautiful
which is architecture company for Woodmen of the World Building
what is space program of Ocean Surface Topography Mission?
what is Schooner's well known ship
who is the lyricist for Never Too Much
Who is director for Henry IV, Part 2
Who is tv program creator of Hard Copy
who is music composer for Baltimore
What is place of cremation for Saul?
what is James's appearance
What location is partially contained by Mount Grant? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What is the currency used in Mount Muir?
In Daytona 500, what was a part of it?
state the activity related to Mingo Creek
What is appearance of Titania?
In which place did John McPherson die?
Name the location Andrew Wilson lives in
What language is used for Scribe?
what is Dawson's end?
What is Dave Gregory's place of birth?
Which position is Tony Davis in
Director for A Man's a Man?
What category storm is Hurricane Rick?
of what language is Pandu?
Where is Hayabusa going to?
What was the name of the album prior to All-Time Greatest Hits?
who performed on Dummy?
What cities does Shenandoah go through?
Name the artist who appears in All Things Considered
who is artist of A Harlot's Progress
what is the genre of Blondie?
What literary series is Interesting Times
who is architect for Annunciation Greek Orthodox Church?
what is spectral type of Rigel?
Who is executive producer for Mushrooms
What is place of birth for Mike Simpson?
What is religion in St. Patrick's Catholic Church?
the product 24/7 has which theme?
what is Bowling Green Falcons's conference?
What area has The News Herald?
To which educational institute does Garthdee belong?
What is the name of the episode of Shameless?
what is country of origin of Cherokee
what is Francis Taylor's tomb
Who is Funkytown's music composer
Who are the followers of Ty Segall?
What caused the death of Smilin' Jack Smith?
what is theme song on Smart Guy
who is librettist of The Bear?
What is the mascot for Valley High
what is The Ghoul's adaptation?
Cobalt's isotopes
who is owner of The Chaser?
Coleslaw can be contacted after which required action?
My Little Pony has what universe character?
What is the lowest grade taught in West Point Elementary School?
which is the first ascent in James Eccles?
Who is director for The Cryptogram
what is appearance of Jim Clancy
what are art genres of The Sea
what is the next step to be taken to play Brown?
Peking Express's winner?
Which is Emma's rating
body of water of Bridge of Sighs?
What is the zodiac sign of David Lee?
where are Falcon 1's launch sites
on the team, what is the position of Ahmed Adel?
What is the name of one of the season of Supernanny?
Which are comic books created by Vicar?
Where did Savage Grace originate?
what is the basin country for Esselbach
Mart铆n Rodr铆guez plays which sport?
name who was Erich K盲stner influenced by
Where was The Observer primarily circulated?
What is Victim of Beauty mpaa rating
Frank Martin is of which program?
Specify which soundtrack belongs to Riddle
Name the actor starring in FM
What caused the death of John King?
what are the organisms of Dog?
What is the rating of Prison Break?
Who is The Full Monty's composer?
What is birth place of Bryan Thomas
What stadium does Southern Illinois Salukis play
When the Rain Stops Falling's composers
Which was the conflict Timothy Sullivan deployed to?
What is stadium name for Baltimore Orioles
who is manufacturer for Spirit of St. Louis?
where is built place for USRC Active?
What is the genre of Locomotiv GT?
Matt Wilson is the illustrator for what book?
What is Las Vegas Wranglers's sport
what park is Black Mamba in?
State the keyword that corresponds to Rakesh Agrawal
films written by John Morgan
Mention the language that Mulan: Rise of a Warrior was primarily released in
Who is Welcome to the South's art director
religion in Church of the Transfiguration
New Horizons's destinations?
What is stadium name for Torrevieja
what is Iohexol used for?
state the language of Myrt and Marge?
What are species of Trauma
What is the version of K9 Web Protection?
What is West Central Elementary's school district
What movies did Shiv Kumar direct
Summer Snow's editors
AVR Tutorial Pro is what type of product?
State the scope of National Movement in which it operates?
what is sport for King of the Road?
Which is spin off for Family Fortunes
In which place did Thomas Grey die?
the product Get What You Give has which theme?
What is genre of Playgirl
What is award category of American Comedy Awards
who taught Donnie Williams?
What type of a campus does Dawson School have?
what is built place of HMS Norfolk
list of films written by Kaabil
what the name of the album of Tiddas
To make a reservation at Monsoon, what is the action that must be taken?
story contributor of The Hunter?
What is the language used in 10 Seconds?
Where did Whiteout originate?
what is major language spoken in Uganda?
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Someone to Watch over Me?
What are teams of Windsor Park
which is invention for James Marshall?
What is Vidalia High School's school district
what caused the death of Billy Taylor?
What is St. Mary Magdalene's Church's religion?
What is th position on the team of Liam Smith?
What is the name of the final edited version of The Brooklyn Bridge?
The Running Man's editors
What is Doctor's appearance
where is Chas located?
platforms of Herbie: Fully Loaded?
Who made Prometheus
What is executive producer for Kiss Me Goodbye
What is Morgan Lewis's place of birth?
What is the optical drive that is included with Dell Inspiron 17 5765?
Who are the followers of Empire of the Sun?
story contributor of Evergreen?
name a department of University of Connecticut?
who is artist of Dana毛?
A Dry Hate: Odio Seco (New Edition): Odio Seco's cover is of which type of binding?
What is name of place Michael Anthony was born?
what type of campus does Community High School have?
Name the creative work which was about Disguises?
Where is the place of death of William Turnbull?
What was the set location of The Breaking Point
name the language used in Swing?
in which country is Goldenrod 0.05 injectable solution available in?
On the team, what is the position of Billy Hogg?
in which place did Billy Wells die?
specify the name of the developer of Ardour?
what is star in Aries?
platform for Knockout Kings 2002?
name the consumer product under Portia
what location is partially contained by Palestine? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
list of movies that David Crawley was in
Who is director for Candide
What was the name of the engineer who worked on Like Money?
Which is conference for Wichita State Shockers
What are the written work of Julien Arias?
Who is director of Floyd Collins
which state is Quimby located in ?
what is the action that must be done to play Common Sense?
A Doll's House's producers?
spectral type for Bellatrix?
which book edition was illustrated by Kevin Walker?
What is University Bridge's locale
Who directed The Philanthropist
what is Gumbo's releasing company
in which city does Westwood exist?
Body of water that Peace Bridge crosses?
Movie art directors of Partir?
What is name of art director of Lady of the House
what is Look Up's genre
what is Peter Connolly known for?
What was responsible for the death of Richard Powell?
who publishes Atom?
Deal or No Deal's winner?
Who are the followers of Aeroplane?
the developer of Target Earth is known by which name?
High Voltage was the publisher of which game?
What are comic books published by Archie Comics?
Name the audio that corresponds to Stray Dogs
What stadium does Politécnico play in
What is the next album after Shades?
who published Eagle
what was the final cut of Two Hearts called?
What is school color for Gilbert High School
SGI 330 runs on which operating system?
which activity is associated with Great Dismal Swamp National Wildlife Refuge?
which field of study is Scientometrics about?
What is the name of the director of Delicious Proposal?
what is higher classification of Amine?
what is galaxy of Libra
the mountain range for The Narrows
Directors of The Chairs
what is name of place Double was born?
What is architecture style for Small House?
How is Methuselah classified?
Who is art director of Comrades
What is type of place of worship for Furnace Mountain?
What is place of birth for Bill Schroeder
State the name of the person who influenced Grace Lee?
What is th position on the team of Jonas?
who is 7 Days's musical artist?
name a department of School of Medicine?
who is champion team of 2016 Stanley Cup Finals?
What does London Bridge cross
Manufacturers for Voyager
Who is soundtrack composer of Le bal?
which video shows how to make Kimchi?
specify which soundtrack belongs to Hide and Seek?
Who is music composer of Sleeping Dogs Lie
St. Andrew's Church was constructed by what architectural firm?
what is star system for Antares?
specify the name of the computer software which contains Helicon Photo Safe
What is the subject of Assumption of the Virgin
librettists for Edgar?
Michigan State Spartans is a part of which conference?
What is the name of the final edited version of The Grand Illusion?
What is Italy's competition won
Who is director for Guys and Dolls
Name the market in which Dropbox is sold
State the scope of Labour Party in which it operates
IX Corps's branch of armed force
On the software license of Komodo, what is stated?
which election was occured in College?
what is name of Dossier's founder
what are Beaver Creek's basin country
what is Beatmania's platform
mention the binding of Advanced Practice Nursing in the Care of Older Adults's cover?
Louisiana State University-Eunice developed which software?
who is the director of Blackest Night?
What is name of place where Jim Knowles was born
Where did Joseph Anderson pass away?
discovery of Rings of Saturn was by?
What kind of genre is Death Spiral
what is Zorba's central processing unit
state the name of the album prior to Girl?
state the language used in Champagne?
which is weight division of Joe Murray?
What is genre of Arzoo
which activity is associated with Puzzle Mountain?
what is mouth of Sand River
what is conference for Columbia Lions
what movies has Nicolas Cage produced?
which event was held in Mason High School?
What is the language of Second Baptist Church?
major cities on Indian River?
Who or what is Macon named after
Daily American is owned by who
Movies written by Charles Burns
Name the languages used in Friends
mention where Inferno can be purchased online
what language do people of South Africa speak
name the classification of Zanjeer
What is official color of Winston Churchill High School
Who was the supporting artist who performed with Joe 90?
Who directed Les Blancs
What is religion of St. Stephen Cathedral?
what is Green Bridge's locale?
who was the letterer of Netherworld?
which company is game developer of Dream Pinball 3D
what is the releasing company of House of Pleasure
which accident was linked to Douglas DC-8?
What is type of Merlin
who created the illustrations for Day Is Done?
Where was Off Limits shot at?
what is team of Bob Hoffman?
What is genre of The Heights
where does Pyramids take place
What language is used for Dolphin?
who manufactures Huawei Ascend Y300?
isotopes of Lead?
What aviation accident was Nimrod involved in?
what is Nik Halik's space mission
What is popular adaptation for The Italian Job
Where is Deer River's mouth
What is the currency used in Bedford?
what conference is North Carolina A&T Aggies in?
what is form of composition for Blue Jeans
What is the former name for Yankees?
which city contains Warren?
Who directed The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie
who was the producer of Dare to Be Stupid?
Who is tv program creator of Whodunnit?
why is Aaron Schwartz known?
which type of optical drive does Toshiba Port茅g茅 M780 have?
what is Nebraska Cornhuskers's division
What is Thomas Jones's burial place?
What is the sports team that takes second place in V
What is the former name for Victoria Cougars?
who influenced Robert Johnson?
what is art work in St. Sebastian?
Directors of The Cripple of Inishmaan
what is Desolation Angels's school of movement?
class for Tetanus Toxoid
What is the subdomain of Andrew Bernard?
what is the track engineered by Wayne Gordon?
Who is the developer of SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop?
state which grade is the highest, taught in Escambia Academy?
What is ingredient of Nuedexta
Name the album prior to Sleepless Nights
list of movies directed by David Harris?
Mention an example of De Stijl?
who is designer for Indy 500?
name the creative work about Human evolution?
what is the audio pertaining to The Echo?
What is sport for Prairie View A&M Panthers
what are Electroscope's albums
which track was engineered by Chris Jones?
what is Sarah Burton's appearance
what is variation Clarinet?
which music artist is similar to Waysted?
what is sport of Centrals?
state the device which can run Airborne?
What is the name of White Oak High School's mascot
The mountain range for White Pass
What does Ymir orbit around?
what is Jupiter's place of origin?
What is the basin country for Orla
Buddha is of which industry?
Safe as Houses's author
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Tiger?
What is the name of the social network profile of ASFA?
Immaculate Conception Church's managements?
Alabama's cinematographers
name the person of organization which is responsible for A Stone's Throw?
List of movies written by Bruce Evans?
what type of bridge was Bridge to Nowhere?
what diseases does Lysine prevent?
what is quote of Thomas Harris?
who is academic mentor to Andrew Blake
what is the habitat for Spot?
What was the review on Alpha Delta?
what are major cities of M4 motorway
what is inflow source of Sherbrooke Lake
ship builder for Zenobia?
which is religion founded by Guru Nanak?
who is creators for Warlord?
who is publisher of Drop Zone
state the ranking of the genre of Glimmer
What is built place for Arcadia
Where did William Badger pass away?
which is the key for Churchill Downs ?
What is the next album after Everlasting?
Who is architect of Division Street Bridge
what is brand name for Dapsone?
Who is art director in Transmission
which is inflow source for Red Cedar Lake
what is the mascot for Jefferson College?
state the domain of John Rawls?
what is genre for Mr. Driller?
Sue is discovered by what
who is the author related to Ben White?
Taj Mahal's movie
Which is architectural style for Port Republic Historic District
Which game was published by Grandstand?
What is the consumer product under Samsung Galaxy?
who is director for Love Lost?
What type of story is Dove
Which championship does Vasco da Gama win?
who is Franklin Twp High School named for?
What is biological classification of Bhima?
Where did The Nine Tailors originate?
At which location does David Hart live?
What does Galatea orbit around
state the descriptor of Cat?
Who is director of Separate Tables
what criminal act did George Green commit?
Toshiba Satellite A70 runs on which operating system?
what is Castor's sequel?
Who is academic advisor for David Kaplan?
name the language Element is in
which electronic product is supported by BlackBerry Keyone?
where did Raft originate?
What is the religion of Robert Morris?
where was Bonsai published?
who is art director for Heaven on Earth
What is the name of the series Christmas Lemmings belongs to?
The Westing Game belongs to which series?
Who is director for I Saw the Devil
where is Black Arrow's launch site
Who made Aaron
In which place did James Jackson die?
settings from Elsewhere?
bridge that crosses Lake of the Ozarks?
Mention the language that The Decameron was primarily released in
Who are governing bodies of Northern Pacific Depot?
what was the setting of Half-Life?
Please show one of the episodes of Mr. Q?
what was the rating of Episode 158?
Breaking the Silence corresponds to which season?
what is Linder's period?
name the language spoken fluently by Rita Hayworth
What is the show time of Coupling?
What is stadium name for California Golden Bears
what is Pegasus Bridge's locale
What is the action that is required to be done to contact A-1 Toyota?
what is city by North Lake
what is school of movement of Elixir?
Who directed Edmond
Specify the season name that corresponds to The Bible Story
Club Penguin's platform?
What is place of origin of Go
What is religion for St. Chads Church
What is the link on which Coming Down can be played?
Who is director of The Heat
What is Nashville Community High School's school district
what is school of movement for Alls Well That Ends Well
What is the game series of Close Combat?
name of author who wrote Babylon Rising
who was the engineer worked on Black Rain?
state the publisher of A Way to Get by
which is the terminus for V?
editor of Rat?
Who is publisher for Weakest Link?
what is offered at The Counter?
Too which city does Mt. Pleasant belong?
What language does people speak in Samoa?
the first release of Run Baby Run was known by what name?
Who is the developer of Foresight?
what is the terminuse for White Line?
Who is composer for Shout It Out
What is genre of The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
who is contractor of Trump International Hotel and Tower?
What are the languages used in Seasons of Love?
who is script writer for Journey?
What is sequel to King Kong
what is rated for Abandoned?
who is discoverer of Aegaeon?
Waldo is named after whom?
Who are governing bodies of Christ Church
Live My Life's form of composition?
What is the name of the book that corresponds to All of Us?
what is sequel for Metal Gear Solid: Portable Ops
what stadium does Crystal Palace play in
What is place of birth for Bill Walsh?
discovery site of Chiron
what is Leo's galaxy?
What is discovery site of Pluto
what is profession of Dinka?
What is the name of the conference in which Cleveland State Vikings competes in?
state the category of Francisco?
Which graphics card is installed in Alienware 14?
Who is casting director for Zero
what is periodic table block for Gold
what is the program that belongs to Bigg Boss Kannada?
what is The Spectator's school
what is Apocalypse's manufacturer
Religion of St. Stephen's Church?
Who is director for Giuseppina
name the language used in You Are Not Alone
What is genre for Sam Delaney's News Thing
What are Seth's species?
which is conference of Old Dominion Monarchs?
What is concert tour for Marilyn Manson?
Director for The Dog In The Manger
What is name of Fun with Dick and Jane's casting director
List of movies that David Tenenbaum was in?
Name the album next, after Unstoppable
What is school district of Meeker High School
name the coach of Charlotte 49ers?
what location is partially contained by The Convent? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
what is Cornet's variation
What was the category for Hurricane Juliette?
what is Wrestling's well known practitione?
What is the medical specialty of Michael Fitzpatrick?
Drew Stewart produced what movies?
name the manufacturer of Etodolac 600 extended release film coated tablet?
Movies written by Gabriel Scott?
what is prequel of The Nine Tailors
which is Allegheny River's island
What is the language of The Plex?
which is weight division of Maurice Harris
On the team, what is the position of Florian M眉ller?
What is the next album after Home Again?
what is the step to be taken to play Devudu Chesina Manushulu?
state the descriptor of Henkel?
what is the name of Jigme Dorji Wangchuck's building?
What was the langage Force was primarily released in?
state the rating of Fireflies
What is aircraft type of Nomad
which is the space agency of Shannon Walker
What are George's species?
what was the location at which Skippy was produced?
what is genre for 5150?
What is the name of the person who coauthored with John Taylor?
what is the soundtrack of Bottoms Up?
who is museum director for The Power Plant?
State which grade is the highest, taught in Bradford Elementary
What is Grandmaster's production company
the developer of Licence to Kill is known by which name?
Who is director for The Importance of Being Earnest
Name the state in which Oakcrest is located in?
What is name of Johnny Quick's creator
school of movement of The Fortune Teller?
Who is story contributor of Madness of Love
what is the name of the game played on Windows 10?
who is creator of Runaways comic series
please list the game series for SingStar Dance
who is artist of The Last Judgment?
who is Lone Survivor's publisher?
where is R铆o Naranjo's mouth
Name of architect of Los Angeles Stadium
Who is designer of Rose Terrace
what is A Matter of Life and Death's original language?
which event was held in Newcastle?
state the action that is required to be done to contact A Healing Touch
What is The Red Tree's original language
What is mpaa rating of Summer Storm
which is central processing unit of Samsung Galaxy Note?
Mention the instruction to prepare Hamburgers with Brown Gravy (TOTAL Comfort Food aka Meat Cakes :)
What is the name of the manufacturer of Cefaclor 250 capsule?
which constellation is Leo II in?
What is spin off for Extra
what is place of origin of Savannah
film of Autograph?
What is genre of Shark Island
who is writer of Bella, Belle of Byelorussia
specify the difficulty category of Lake Isabel?
E-Entrepreneurship is in what language?
What is the soundtrack of Ranadheera?
What is the range of Rollins Pass?
Which is a cut version for Love from a Stranger ?
which is In the Blink of an Eye's mpaa rating
Who is director of The School for Scandal
What is Abahani Limited's competition won
What are major cities of A1 highway
Cunningham Elementary's rank
mention the reveiw on Fallen Angel
Who is director of The Heir Apparent
the affected area of Hurricane Maria
Who designed Holy Rollers's costumes
What is the name of the computer videogame that relates to TrackMania Sunrise
What is bridge type of Dumbarton Bridge?
Which grade is the lowest that is taught in Aspen View Academy?
name the game in which Leandro Barbosa participated
what is Still Life's art genre
What is Ertapenem used to treat?
who has jursidiction over Military Intelligence?
specify the name of the computer software which contains CCleaner
What is Hebron High School's school district
Which championship does Saudi Arabia win
Who directed Loot
state the action that is required to be done to contact Cathedral City Car Wash?
what is city on Homorodul Vechi River
What is the name of one of the season of Undressed?
What was the name of the film for which the set deisgner was Mary Lambert?
specify the name of the program of Lost Souls?
Where is end of Fitzroy
What is architectural style for Bethel A.M.E. Church
what is summary for Texas
what is The Blue's concert tour
Where did Twist originate?
state the person who participated in Pedro II
what is sequel of Goon
What is Keldeo's specie?
Who is designer of Signature Tower
in which language is Radio Italy?
Which is a cut version for Brand New Day ?
What is the name of the release of Liars?
Where is the place of death of Bill Young?
What is locale of Bridge of the Americas
What is the genre of Amber Bullock?
What is the soundtrack of The Great Gatsby?
mention the verion of SyncToy?
who was the illustration artist of Just an Illusion - The B Side: The B Side?
what is star for Spica?
Director for Top Girls
What is division of Texas Rangers?
Who is director of Frozen
what is place of origin of Komondor?
What is the zodiac sign of David Seymour?
What is the next album after This Is War?
What is city near Salmon River Reservoir
name the consumer product under Retisert?
List of every movie directed by Mark Wheeler
What is sport for Notre Dame Fighting Irish
who publishes Filthy Rich
Architect for Bank of America Tower was who
State the religion followed by Richard Simpson?
what type of campus is Lakeside High School?
What is school district of Spoon River Valley Sr High School
who coauthored with Paul Seymour?
what type of bridge was Dragon Bridge
what is the text describing a brief about Exposure?
What is Duetact's active ingredients
Directors of Two Gentlemen of Verona
mention the verion of SRWare Iron
what was the article created by Mark Miller?
what is story of Human Body
Who is director for Dance of Death
name the organization that has Scotland?
casting director for Jumanji
What is name of Sakura's creator
Stokes is named after whom?
what location is partially contained by Fulton? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
what is the drug class for Aspergum
what is sport of Wakefield
What are the organization which has reading?
What is Eugene Education Options's district
all movies that Arkwright has played in
State the name of the album prior to Other Voices, Other Rooms
what is form of composition for Nee
Where is inflow source for Lake Pleasant
what is Slovan's competition won
Excalibur is from which genre?
State the scope of National Alliance in which it operates
what is genre for Sugar and Spice?
films written by Ken Brown?
where was Americana shot at?
Who is publisher of Punch Line
Which is the maintainer of Charlton?
What is periodic table block of Hydrogen
Devastator is a fictional character in which fictional universe?
Who is director for 4000 Miles?
Name the product related to Sled Storm?
what is school of movement for Ninety-three?
which product is related to XCOM: Enemy Unknown?
directors of Rope
What is religion of Church of the Epiphany
What is Holy Cross Crusaders's sport
What is South Carolina Gamecocks's sport
Who is the publisher of River Rescue?
What is name of director for The Children's Museum?
What type of campus is University High School?
the game series of Princess Maker
what is galaxy for Lupus
Who broadcasted State of the Re:Union?
state the text describing the bried about Monsters?
What stadium does men's basketball play in
which institution is associated wih Andrew Blake?
what are Clarence's basin country?
state the subdomain of James Tobin
What is the breed of Pony?
What is the name of the person who coauthored with Douglas W. Jones?
what is a criminal act comitted by Hans Schmidt?
which program was created by Kevin Lee?
who is ship builder for HMS Southampton
Name a nutritional fact in Brussels Sprouts and Potatoes
who is ship builder for HMS Crown
what is tour of The Dead
What movies did Christian Vincent direct?
Which is architecture style of Redlands
state the type of release of Zealot?
what is the bridge on Laguna Madre
Who are Abie's Irish Rose's cinematographers
Who are governing bodies of The Coast
What is the ranking of the genre of Bent?
which is conference of Bryant Bulldogs?
What is galaxy in Hercules?
Some Like It Hot's editor
What type of descriptor is Game?
who is writer to About the Author: Inside the Creative Process?
the first release of Camera was known by what name?
Specify the instruction to prepare Seven Layer Magic Bars
Which is spin off for Sunday Morning
Which album consists of Kids?
which is team for Kyle Smith?
state the name of the event that took place after Quicksilver
What is specie for Doorman
in which country is Mordington located?
Films written by Nikolay Todorov
What is name of place Enzo Bearzot was born?
who are contractors of The Orion?
What is the name of the place The Egos originated from?
What is James Wilson known for?
what is genre of Spaces
what is the name of the computer videogame related to Fighter Maker?
what is The Sibiu Crucifixion's art work?
The outflow locations for Otter Lake
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Sikandar
What is the ranking of the genre of Burning Desire?
what is type for Submarine?
Who is author of Curtains
What is prequel to Hannibal: A Novel
Is there a sequal to Fear of the Dark
The name of the mascot of Bethany College
What is children for John Howard?
what is production company of Deadlier than the Male?
Name the album prior to How Great Thou Art
Who built Carnegie Public Library?
from which place did The Town originate from?
who is Murmur founded by?
What is sequel of The Forgotten
Who is director for My Sister in this House
what team is Chris Jones coaching?
what is Tempus's education school
Greg Jackson's football position
in which place did Derek Roy die?
Who created Wolverine
what is the creative work about The Barn?
What is rated for Prince of the City
Who is Body and Soul's lyrics writer
name the languages used in Behind the Screen?
Where is the place of death of John Allen?
who is librettist for Cinderella?
What is type of ride for Vortex
Who is director of Present Laughter
Which is architectural style for Verona Apartments
What is the bridge going across Trout River?
State the name of the person who influenced Thomas More?
in which short story would you find Nero Wolfe?
what is place of origin of Rottweiler?
Who is director for A Cheever Evening?
which city contains Northwood Hills?
What is the name of the character from Blurred Lines?
which game is played on Lynx?
State the name of a varaiant of Motorola 68000
mention the genre of Fire in the Hole
What is the name of invention proposed by Minimum cost solenoid magnet and method of making same?
what is The Seasons's art work?
Donna Smith produced what movies
Mention an example of Silo?
films produced by Steve Smith
Director for Clarence Darrow
who is Bill Hopkins influenced by?
Who is executive producer for Mirrors
name the graphics card of HP Elite X3 Graphite/Chrome?
Who is director of The Normal Heart
University of North Florida is an education department at which univesity?
State the name of the place were Mayor of the Town was produced
state the person who participated in European Parliament election, 2014?
who is composer for Marilyn
Which is spin off for Family Feud
Who is recording artist for Countrified
What is the zodiac sign of Daniel Levy?
Walter Gordon's field of study?
is there a sequal to The Far Side?
state the language used in Mary
What is place of birth for Henry Pleasants?
name the stock exchange related to Momo
state the type of Beak?
Who is director for The Animals and Children Took to the Streets
Cinematographer of A Tale of Two Cities
state the type of Commodities Trading?
who supported Andy White?
what is period of John Miller
Which sport is played by Jeremy Abbott?
Movies written by Diego Romero?
What type of habitat does Uma live in?
state the action to be done to watch the trailer of I Kissed a Girl?
Where is the place of death of James Webb?
where is place of births of The Punisher
who is Last Judgement's creator
what was the cause of death of Christine Nelson?
What was responsible for the death of Tommy Thompson?
What is name of place where Andrew Leslie was born?
which video shows how to make Country Breakfast Casserole?
what is the video offer of One Man's Treasure
Which is mpaa rating for Mean Girls
Who is music composer for Twists of Fate
What is sequel to Beau Geste
in which country is Zafirlukast 10 film coated tablet available in?
what is the game participated by Kevin Martin?
What is the mascot for Tennessee Volunteers
What type of story is Hard Evidence
What location is partially contained by Bonghwasan? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What is Grouse Mountain's mountain range
What is name of art director of Nazrana
Blood and Roses is of which track?
Who is creator for Sentry
What is the name of the album that consists I Need Your Love
in which place did John Marshall die?
What is the name of the stock exchange corresponding to Salama?
What was the program created by Ronaldo?
what is higher classification of Cyanide
Name the short story in which The Defender appeared on.?
what is the game participated by Dan Kelly?
what is prequel for Farewell, My Lovely?
What is appearance of Josiah Burden
What was the name of the character in The Devil and Daniel Webster?
state the languages used in Bobby Flay's Barbecue Addiction?
state the genre of For the Love of Mike?
a list of movies with Alicia Harding in them?
what is genre for book Driving School?
what does The Card Players belong to
What is the piece of text corresponding to Never Again?
Who is architect of Plaza Apartments
What is name of place Jim Irsay was born?
what is sequel to OSS 117?
specify the difficulty category of Cape Hatteras National Seashore?
What is the name of the character from Starship Troopers?
Which is architecture style of Knights of Pythias Building
What is the currency used in El Capitan?
who are Carla's parents
what software languages were used to create Mutter?
What is district of Venture Academy
What is the name of the mascot of Franklin High
the social network profile of Alkmene is known by which name?
what military conflict was Walter Murphy deployed?
What is the price list of Ulead DVD MovieFactory?
West Main Street Historic District's managements?
which book edition was illustrated by Wikipedia article?
What is the difficulty category of Toccoa Falls?
What team is champion team for Battle of Santiago?
who is art director in Piece by Piece
What is the ethnicity of James Alexander?
buildings desinged by William the Conqueror?
Who is art director of The Barretts of Wimpole Street
What is the name of the episode that precedes Sick Day?
What video corresponds to The Public Eye?
Where was Family Pictures shot at?
Which team is a member of American Basketball League?
what is Mr. Wong's education school?
41st Division's branch of armed force
The name of the mascot of River View High School
To which category of beer style does Saison belong?
Whih city is represented by Cardiff City?
who is owner of Boston Braves?
the affected areas for Lothar
which accident was linked to Boeing 747?
who was the issuer of Metal Storm?
in which state is NOVA located?
School district for White Oak Elementary
Where did Image originate?
What is the creative work about Jack the Ripper?
What is scale of String Quartet No. 5
films produced by David Davis
What is the original language of Pandora
name the country in which Famotidine 20 tablet is available?
What is the name of the character who appeared in Tari Tari?
Where is place of birth of Sven Holm?
name the place Outback originated?
Where is the place of death of Marty Barrett?
what kind of bridge is Market Street Bridge
What is the difficulty category of Massabesic Lake?
what type of story is Fast Lane?
who is credited with Wikipedia's discovery?
where is the place of cremation for Candy Darling
what is galaxy for Gemini?
In which country is Mayo spoken in?
who is music director for Secret Agents
One of recurring event of Super Bowl
Who is director of Good People
what is included as a part of Electric Daisy Carnival?
what is the main campus of Empire Beauty Schools?
what is conference for Morehead State Eagles
Maslenica Bridge's body of water?
state the name of the sequel of Virus
On the software license of Vox, what is stated?
what is the rank of Bernard
What is the version of Scooby-Doo and Scrappy-Doo?
what is well known Catamaran's ship
The outflow for Lake Washington?
Areas affected by Typhoon Muifa
What is sport for Tennessee Volunteers
Who is music director of The Karate Kid?
What time zone is State of Palestine in right now
What is the rank of Lady of the House
What is the name of the developer of Resident Evil?
What is manufacturer for Salama?
who is tv program creator of New Tricks
What is the soundtrack of Goddess?
films written by Lars Molin
Mention an example of Rosenwald School
Director for Carnival!
what is the setting of Star Trek?
Name a game distributed by iTunes
What is city near Obersee?
what is publisher for The Three Stooges
what is the next step to be taken to play Fiat Lux?
Who is The Wild Party's composer
Which episode was written by John Armstrong?
What is the manufactured form of Cefazolin 10 injection?
What is genre of Tekken 6?
What is city near Carter Lake
where is place discovered for Lucy
Composer of The Wind in the Willows
Body of water that Martin Luther King Bridge crosses
one of the games in Dynasty Warriors?
Name the market in which The Jersey Journal is sold
Who is tv program creator of Continuum
Name the type of descriptor Something Wicked This Way Comes is
What was the name of the album prior to Moments?
What is discovery site of George
What is Sylvan Lake's outflow
state the name of the sequel of Brothers and Sisters
what is prequel of W?
What was the set location of Kanoon
what is manufacturer for Private
launch site of Alexander
what is genre for Thunder Alley?
Name the artist who is similar to Craig Wayne Boyd?
what does Main Street Bridge cross
What is the name of the district election of Matap茅dia?
state the name of the album prior to Six Figures
Which is mpaa rating of The Family
who is The Inferno's developer
what military conflict was Ernst Busch deployed?
Where is place of birth of Charles Townsend?
what type of descriptor is G-Force?
Where did John Sargent pass away?
What is branch for 3rd Cavalry Division
what is the location of South Sudan?
What is school district East Marion Elementary School
What is name of founder of The Conversation?
Where is the place of death of William Salmon?
what is Tampa Bay Rays's division
Central National Bank's managements
Director for Love's Labour's Lost?
David Scott's space agencies?
What is mpaa rating for Unstoppable
which is team for Joe Wolf
Who is tv program creator of Deal or No Deal
What are Khan's species
star system of Ymir
What is the sport statistic of Benny Alloway?
which is football division of San Diego Toreros
Splash's channel
what is observed meteor shower of Centaurus
what is the action that must be done to play Sandy?
name of designer for Witchcraft?
name of founder of Kite?
What is legal status of Sulfur
what is main character of Crows?
Who is tv program creator for The Master and Margarita
What are species of Luke?
What is city near San Pedro Bay
What is the name of Hamburg High School's mascot
what is theme for Jimmy Neutron's Nicktoon Blast
who is script writer of Ghost Story?
what is the subject matter of Paul Seymour?
state the language used on A Tragic Love Story
What are art genres of The Coronation of the Virgin
Name the album next, after Primitive
What is Tar's family
what is Runaway Train's type of ride?
What kind of story is Darkspell
Which is Soul Train rated?
What is the rank that is higher than Hybrid?
what is theme song of My Drunk Kitchen?
Samsung Galaxy NOTE7 has what supported electronic product?
specify the name of the developer of Night Watch
what is the zodiac sign of Amine?
What is the ship type of Zephyr?
what is Pope John Paul Ii Catholic High School's mascot?
Name the program created by Adam Reed?
musical scale of Sonny Boy
who is the parent of Aparna Sharma?
What is the mascot's name of Danville High School?
in which country is Nystatin 100000 suspension available in?
what is period of José Navarro?
which organization presents Obie?
Who is director for Working
who is main character of Silent War
which is color of Zeta Phi Beta
What is name of person who wrote Be My Escape
What is the creative work about Museum of Arts and Sciences?
What is the name of the place Bama originated from?
what is movie for Cannabis?
Who is director of Metamorphosis
Who is publisher of Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem
What is mpaa rating of Red
Which is park of Thunderbird
What is the name of the series Need for Speed belongs to
the creator for Moment
What was the name of the track engineered by 3rd Degree
Who maintains the structure Broadway Bridge?
what caused the death of Kennedy?
state the person who participated in Bundesvision Song Contest
Where did Domino originate?
models designed by George Carter?
which is a rank lower than Subspecies?
What is architectural style for Main School
Which is Gunslinger Girl: Il Teatrino rated
What is grave John Brown
Which is league for Santa Marta?
which team is 2016 Masters's winning team?
What is the name of the organism of Donkey?
who was the letterer of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen?
what is aircraft model of Nippon?
what is Soyuz's launch site?
what are art genres of Setting Sun?
what is genre of Trailer
Who is director of Old Times
What is the manufactured form of Oxacillin 2 powder for injectable solution?
name the organisms of Cockroaches?
what is platform for Keepsake?
What is sport for Montana State Bobcats
Which is league for Medford Rogues?
where is location of Waterloo Bridge?
what is famous ship of Ferry
what type of genre is For All Mankind
In which country is Skins located?
who is manufacturer for Vanguard
What software languages were used to create Mocha?
what is the language spoken in Tempus Unbound?
Who is ship builder of Luna
Will they make a sequel to The Story of Tracy Beaker
What is the gender of Kingston?
where is built place of Adventuress?
What is the name of the organization that has duluth
What was the name of the film for which the set deisgner was Gina Rodriguez?
who is the author of Civil Twilight?
The Human Condition produced which track?
name the sequel of Friday Night Bites?
What is the catologe calue that corresponds to Xenophanes?
what is genre for Sumangali?
which video shows how to make Banana Pancakes?
Director for The Common Pursuit
What is sport of Indiana State Sycamores
Who is art director of World War III
name of captain for Croatia?
What is Don't Think Twice's summary
name the place Blaze originated
what are Spring Creek's basin country?
what is variation for Drums?
what was the march of Special Forces Command?
Buffy the Vampire Slayer settings?
State the type of Greater Miami Adventist Academy is
Who is music director of Stroke
who is author for Captive Bride 2: Daughter of Sparta?
who was the illustration artist of Picnic?
who is main character from Final Crisis
who is writer of Fever Crumb?
what is religion of All Saints' Episcopal Church?
Name the program created by Vikas Gupta?
which is a character of Kaleidoscope ?
what is the name of Chris Johnson's building?
Who is director of Take Me Along
Name of architect of Martin Hall
What is the breed of Sheep?
Realm developed which software?
state the action to be taken to make a reservation at Acme
State the name of the album prior to R.E.V.O.
List of movies written by Noah Miller?
who maintains the structure M6 motorway?
who is script writer for Tell Me a Lie
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Akka
what park is Prowler in
Mountain range of Mount Craig
who is the artist appearing in Outlook?
name a music artit similar to Tanakh?
what is a comic book by Jaxon
What kind of bridge is High Level Bridge
Hall is named after whom?
What are Sandy Creek's basin country
Where is BeTV located?
which app does Microsoft Silverlight belong to?
Who is tv program creator of Paper Dolls
who is story contributor of Full Circle?
name the manufacturer of Olanzapine 20 orally disintegrating tablet
what is mpaa rating of Twisted Sisters?
specify the platform on which Attendance runs
Name the tournament in which Wyvern participated in
What type is Academy of Arts and Sciences?
what is Oklahoma State Cowboys's conference
who is The Giants's writer
what is the text describing a brief about Blackmail?
what is the location of Clubland?
Who is composer for Don't Stop Believin'
what is Temple Owls's mascot?
Who is art director for Luka
What is the name of the fictional universe in which Oberon appears?
who is operator for Kant?
What is the setting in Stargate?
Which player is the captain of Canada
Who is creator of Michael
Close Combat sequel
which tournament was participated by Ajax eSports?
State the ranking of the genre of Redhead
Director for Antigone in New York?
Director for The Rivals
specify the name of the developer of Cluedo?
What is the video offer of My Brother's Keeper
Market Street Bridge's body of water
what is theme song of Dateline?
where did Mike Adams study?
What is platform of Sparx?
Who is director of Serenading Louie
What materials are The Night made from?
What is power of Shazam
What is music scale for For All We Know
what team is winning team for X
what is sequel for Melody Time?
what are teams at Sports Camp?
what is synopsis of Goats?
What is district for Portsmouth West High School
Which is architecture style of Palo Alto Plantation
Name the album next, after Take a Look
how people can Godmother serve?
who is director of The Invasion
What is body of water of New Britain
what is mouth of Spring Creek?
What is sport for Air Force Falcons
Who is music composer for The Driver
Who directed Brigadoon
which state is Gila River located in ?
What are teams of Elverum
state the action that is required to be done to contact Bricks?
State the keyword that corresponds to Alan Turing
Who is librettist of The Fortune Teller?
Name the conflict at which Robert Alexander was deployed?
In which position does Blake Smith play?
Where did John Read pass away?
What company owns The Spectator
What is the scope of The Greens in which it operates?
what is the language spoken in Harry Potter?
In which place did Frank Ramsey die?
Where is capital city of Baker
What was the type of competition The X Factor?
what is the video offer of Girls' Night Out?
What is the category of Sirius?
what are major cities of Interstate 295?
Who is director for The Waves?
what the name of the album of Wonderland
Who was the set designer of Pianoforte?
who is composer of Peek-a-Boo?
Which is architecture style for Antlers Hotel
on the team, what is the position of Andrew McKay?
what is production company for Sangam
What is sequel of Mars Rising
Who directed Picnic
which is The Rookie's mpaa rating?
What is sport of Utah Utes?
In which position does Gerard Williams play?
which city contains Pine Hill?
where is gravestone for William Graham?
what is prequel to Reunion
state the name of the author related to Gene Johnson?
who is Perses's creator?
Who is the manufacturer of Broadway?
Name the program created by Geoffrey Darby?
What is school district Monticello High School
What is the name of the institution associated with Rakesh Agrawal?
which computer videogame corresponds to Formula One 2002
Man who created Mole Man
State the languages used in In Treatment?
Who is script writer for Gino
state an example of Hogan?
what was the march of 7th Infantry Division?
what does Dana毛 belong to
Who is director for Deathtrap
what is the page on which PDF-XChange can be downloaded?
State the location partially contained by Round Top? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
Name the market in which Leir is sold?
Who is architect for Church of the Epiphany?
What is the language KNCI is in?
who is casting director for Accepted?
mention the language of In My Head
United States Postal Service's managements?
what is Olivia's appearance in book?
Who is soundtrack composer of Evelyn
who directed Twelfth Night?
Atlanta is influenced by whom?
who directed How to Break
Which championship does Sudan win
Which is architectural style for Marble Palace
where is Black Sturgeon River's river source
which is the higher rank of Breed?
Specify which soundtrack belongs to The Collector
What is the name of the program of Move on Up?
Who is executive producer for Rosewood
What is the sports team that takes second place in 2002 FIFA World Cup?
name the film for which Andrew Wood is the set designer?
Name the artist who is similar to Neurotica?
What was the final cut of In the Open called?
Who is music composer of Indian
What is Alabama A&M Bulldogs's sport
What is the name of the final edited version of Pink Floyd: The Wall?
State the language used in Lucille
What is sport for Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks
what is Hippopotamus's plot?
What is the name of the final edited version of The Champion?
What was the name of the event that took place after Women's Combined?
which product is related to Buzz Lightyear of Star Command?
what is Peek Marn's adaptation?
Specify the dish that is made by Bourbon St . Chocolate Pecan Pie
which is Charlotte Hornets's conference
Akuku's mountain range?
What is the name of the person or organization which is responsible for Encore?
state the language used on Blood and Memory: The Quickening Book Two
Who is tv program creator of Shagun
who has won Britain's Next Top Model?
What is school color for Quitman High School
what is the setting for Scarrport: City of Secrets
who is story contributor of Two Women?
To which relgion does George Nichols belong?
What is Horses and Ponies's synopsis
What are the written work of Nicholas?
where is built place for USS Independence?
in what film does Dan Spencer appears?
name the product related to de Blob
What is the software license of Media Catalog Studio?
what is ability of Nick Knight?
what is R101's aircraft model
who is academic advisor for Peter Stone
What is sequel to Fright Night
which music artist is similar to Heat?
What is the ranking of the genre of Food of Love?
What is the original language for The Guardian
What is summary book of The List
What is the album after The Getaway?
Who is director for Scapin
Fioricet's pregnancy category
what is the chemical series Silicon belongs to?
which season corresponds to Beirut?
What is the download page on which GetRight can be downloaded?
Who is St. Mary of the Angels's architect
Which is official color for Connecticut Huskies?
discovery site of Kerberos?
name the domain of Hannah Arendt
Which is language of Rusalka
What type of a campus does Universidad Austral have?
what is Arthroscopy used to treat
what is Lake Bonneville's island
Editor of Scandal Sheet
what does Water Lilies belong to?
Corruption uses which language?
what is Red Boys Differdange's sport?
What are stars in Centaurus?
which is Krishna's island
Who is Tintin's creator?
Where did Bulletproof originate from?
What is sport of Binghamton Triplets?
who is orchestration for Hair
which is weight division of Eddie Connolly
Who are The Gentlemen's cinematographers
Movie produced by Ben Miller
What is the mascot for Columbia High School
name who was R茅aumur influenced by
What is the scope of Party for Freedom in which it operates?
where is Electron's launch site?
What is the basin country of Orb
what are the organization which has Palestine?
what is inflow source for Loch Leven?
what must be done to play music of Murder by Death?
by whom was Pericles: Third Series edited?
Mention the genre of Jaytech
What is place of birth of Chris Stephens?
who is architect of Church of the Epiphany
state the sports statistics of Turkey?
what must be done to play music of Snowglobe?
State the scope of Rally for Democracy and Progress in which it operates
Bingham is named after whom?
state the gender of Anders Olofsson Widjeskog-M氓rd-Hummelholm?
star at Lyra
who is winning team for UEFA Euro 2012?
Who is casting director of The Host?
who is manufacturer for Soyuz
What is place of birth of Felipe Rodríguez?
what is Tennessee Volunteers's fight song
name an edition of Agamemnon?
what is Golden Bear's category?
what is quotation from Frank Morgan?
What is the download page on which TurboCASH can be downloaded?
Church of the Holy Trinity's religion
what mountain range is Ivan in?
what type of bridge is Pont de la Concorde
which type of optical drive does Lenovo ThinkCentre M91P 7033 have?
which drug is of class Vaccine?
Who is Do or Die's music composer
Who is executive producer for Players
what is the invention for Press?
which album consists of Deja vu?
what is sport of Kei?
School district for Amikids Southwest
what kind of descriptor is The Holy Land
What is instrument family of Clarion
What is the scope of National Democratic Party in which it operates?
What was the name of the album prior to Under the Influence?
state the rating of Mickey's Great Clubhouse Hunt?
What is Stade Malien's sport?
name the event that took place after Men's Light-Heavyweight?
what is the text describing a brief about Caught?
What is the sport played by Xu Yan?
What is the sports team that takes second place in 2016 Stanley Cup Finals
what is manufacturer for Long March?
what is It's a Small World's theme?
what is the name of the stock exchange relating to Marvelous?
who is teacher of F谩bio Santos?
What was the name of the engineer who worked on September Song?
Sampson is named after whom?
what the names of comic books written by Jean Giraud
University of South Florida has what type of sports team?
what are Frankie Randall's albums?
what is star system of Castor?
Where was Op hoop van zegen shot at?
Old is of which track?
What location was founded by Artoon
Another Day's cover is of which type of binding?
Who is director for The Aspern Papers
Sodium's periodic table block
to watch Animals, what must be clicked on?
which is the terminus for D?
who are lyricists for The Little Mermaid?
What is stadium name for Partizan
Who directed Wonderful Town
Where is the place of death of William Davidson?
which is language for The Saracen?
what is the religion of John Terry?
Who directed Red
what is the action that must be taken to make a reservation at Pietrasanta?
Which is architectural style of Blackstone Building
Mark Taylor's batting stats
state the language of Off-Ramp
what software languages were used to create Tera Term?
What is popular adaptation for Cavalleria rusticana?
Major cities on Tule River
Who is author of Grace Will Lead Me Home
Name of the governmental jurisdiction that has jurisdiction over Science and Technology?
Where is place of birth for Dan Hodgson
Who is the director of The Dark Ages?
Name the classification of Mike
What is Blair Bridge's locale
What is children for Daniel Petrie
Which are Lake Crescent's outflows
who is librettist of Robert Bruce
what is the highest grade taught in Southside High School
what is division for UMKC Kangaroos?
What is the rating for The Day of the Triffids?
What was the name of the album prior to Premonici贸n?
Who is art director of Hitch
in which language is Rock Radio?
What is the pregnancy risk category of Ganirelix?
what is AC Sparta Praha's competition won
What is the soundtrack of Weekend Pass?
movie for Love & Basketball?
Name the album next, after Imagine
Who is director of The Best Man
What is mountain range for Ochsenkopf
Hydrogen was discovered by who
which is constellation of Alcyone?
Heart to Heart was shot at which place?
Which is mpaa rating for Rebel
Who is director for Barnum
who are the parents for Aaron Palmer
What is Temperance's record label?
What cities does Leaf River go through?
In which film does Alan Cooper appear in?
what is adaptation of Death Wish?
what company was Grant Thornton designed by?
state the manufactured form of Ranitidine 75 coated tablet
State the name of the place were Jean-Michel Cousteau: Ocean Adventures was produced?
What kind of descriptor is Hardball
what is the subject matter of Douglas W. Jones
what is Brooklyn Bridge's locale?
name the location at which Charlene was recorded?
Who is reponsible for influencing Painkiller?
What is the art genre of Assumption of the Virgin?
What is the outflow for Anderson Lake
What is star in Polaris?
What is Defiance's story
what is The Siren's period
What is the star sign of Alina Baraz?
will they make a sequel to Tokyo
What kind of bridge is Steel Bridge
what type of museum is Child?
What is instrument family of Shehnai?
which was the conflict John Henry deployed to?
What is the scope of Democratic Centre in which it operates?
what is genre for xXx: State of the Union?
Which spirit is of Brem?
What is the type of CNE?
What is Minnesota Golden Gophers's competition won
List of movies that Daniel Aguilera was in
Which is First Love's mpaa rating
Who is casting director for The Nutty Professor
What is name of Shelter's casting director
specify the platform on which Biologia runs
who created the illustrations for Tales from the Darkside?
what is King George Island's body of water?
what is city by Melzer See
specify the platform on which Bittoor runs
what is the action that must be taken to make a reservation at Kenichi?
Which is spin off of QI
on the team, what is the position of Craig Thompson?
What was the set location of Rivals?
Who is music director of Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
what is Skyscraper's type of ride
state the name of the event that took place after Men's Synchronized Platform?
Who is music director of Turn of the Screw
what sports team does Larry Robbins own
periodic table block for Silicon?
state the subject of Angel Dust?
what language is Stiffelio in
specify the platform on which Connectly runs
who is artist of Cars
island in Lake Tahoe's list
what is sport of Holy Cross Crusaders
What are Scooter's species
where was Seadrill incorporated?
Name the album next, after Borbetomagus
What are the languages used to create the source code of Mirai?
name the event that took place after Women's Kayak Doubles, 500 metres
State the type of release of Hello Dolly
What is list of book written by Julia Nelson
what causes James Cameron's death?
what is Carlos Fernandez's founded company
what is the mascot for Green Bay Phoenix
Who is director for Seven Guitars
what is manufacturer Viper?
What is St. Mary of the Angels's religion
Who is designer for Lewis County Courthouse
compositional form of Love Me or Leave Me?
What is mountain range for Maple Mountain
Name of director for Van Gogh
what is location for Walter Taylor
What is mountain range of Pilot Peak
In which place did Thomas Murphy die?
artist who released album?
what is sequel for Belly?
Where is origins for Aura
What is the language used in Adler & Gibb?
What was the name of the arist in Life Matters
State the religion followed by Jonathan?
Tom Frame writes what comic book story?
What is sport for Torrevieja
state the text describing the bried about Blast?
School district for Crescent Elementary School
what does Constipation contains of?
Name the album next, after In Utero, in Tribute, in Entirety
Who is music director of The Reluctant Dragon?
Where is home stadia of Tamworth?
Who was the letterer for Whispers?
are they making a sequel to The Book of Dust: La Belle Sauvage (Book of Dust, Volume 1)?
What type of campus is Richmond High School?
designers of American Eagle?
In which position does George Andrews play?
What is Shaymin's specie?
What is the name of the school located in Kingman Academy of Learning?
what kind of bridge is Franjo Tu膽man Bridge?
What is name of Kobra's creator
What is inflow source of Lake Louise
What is the name of the character who appeared in Tempus Unbound?
What is Brian Hayes's place of birth?
composer of Betty
what is constellation of Rigel
What is genres of Sully
Idaho State Bengals is a part of which conference?
Who is director for Crazy for You
which election occured for Charlevoix?
What is Robot Dreams's literary series
What is the catologe calue that corresponds to The Last Tycoon?
name of discoverer of Argon
Mention the name of the place AVT Natural Products was incorporated
What stadium does Ceuta play in
mention the name of the child organization of Women's Institute
Who is director of The Father
government agency that manages Mars Hill
Which is spin off for Tomorrow
what is compositional form of Ulla
Name of place where Andy Jones was born
who is orchestrator of Crazy for You
what department does Polytechnic University of the Philippines have?
Movie art directors of The Cup
what is the range for Thoroughfare Gap?
who does The Beaver belong to
What is specie for Entei?
state the languages used in Little Dorrit?
WP Thyroid is used for
Which sport is played by Carlos Motta?
what is built place of Marlborough
the developer of Goal! is known by which name?
What was the name of the event that preceded Men's Moguls?
Where is the place of death of John Sargent?
who is soundtrack composer of The Cost of Vengeance?
who is writer for Robotech
What is Big Baldy Mountain's mountain range
What was the name of the album prior to Guilty?
what is the rank of Cough?
Who is This Life's tv program creator
Who is Jasper's creator
who is casting director of Deliverance?
Name of place where Ben Lawrence was born?
What is the name of the place Kudai originated from?
Author of Birthday Blues is called by what name?
Name of place where Charles MacArthur was born?
Platform for Amaurote
Who is director for The Coast of Utopia: Shipwreck
Who is designer for Howard County Courthouse?
what are the organisms of Rabbit?
Whittier Elementary School's rank?
Who directed Ma Rainey's Black Bottom
What is spin off from Danger Mouse
What type of book is A Matter of Blood
Body of water spanned Washington Bridge
state the language that Face of a Stranger was primarily released in
which is conference for Murray State Racers?
what all movies did Bobby Wood play in?
what educational institution has Polytechnic University of the Philippines?
State the location partially contained by Fulton? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What is the highest grade taught in Foundation Academy?
What is team owned for John Abraham?
mention the genre of Yowie?
list every movie directed by Chris Nelson
What was the name of the album prior to Swing?
which consumer product is under Kariva?
Who is the person who participated in Samantha Runnion?
What is river sources of Magpie River
what is Las Meninas's art work?
to watch The Price of Desire, what must be clicked on?
what is launch vehicle for Parasol?
Who is script writer for Bon voyage
Annunciation Greek Orthodox Church was planned by what architectural firm
state the name of the event that took place after Unleashed?
What mascot is for St Joseph Academy
What is the next album after Take Heart?
Name the zodiac sign of Pablo Campos
What is the currency used in Apfelst盲dt?
state the position of Carlos
mention the writer of Big Boss?
Name the album prior to Triplicity
Which award was won by William Moore?
What is Live to Tell's original language
Who directed Passion
which sport is played by Sandy McDonald?
Which is the maintainer of Royal Albert?
who is main character from Flashpoint
which person of organization is resposible for DX?
Call of the Blood's cinematographers
what diseases does Propylthiouracil prevent
who is the winner for VII
What is genre of Jewels of the Oracle
name an event similar to 12th Directors Guild of America Awards?
Where did The Gateway originate?
A list of movies with Charles Butler in them?
name of architecture firm of Union Trust Company Building?
What is category of Asian Film Awards
mention the statistics of the team which Hungary is in
mention the verion of Programmer's Notepad
Which was the conflict James Jackson deployed to?
what is genre for The Inferno?
what materials are Found made of?
What was the name of the album prior to All Things New?
Field of study of Arthur R. Grossman
what is Pentagon's central processing unit
state the manufactured form of Acetaminophen 500 film coated tablet
List of movies written by Charles Evans?
where was Pendragon incorporated?
To read Allegiance which action is required?
Blow a Kiss from Earth to Heaven!'s cover is of which type of binding?
Who are the parents of John
What is the download page on which Siren can be downloaded?
What is the name of the organization that has Warren
what html layout engine was used in Safari?
What is sport of Miami Manatees
What is the language Sputnik is in?
what is school for Lot's Wife
name the character from 7th Heaven?
Which is park of The Jester?
War's record labels
Who directed Bat Boy: The Musical
what are the books written by Ike?
State what made Dave Thompson famous
in what film does Alan Cooper appears?
Nokia Lumia 1320 supports what type of memory card?
Who are governing bodies of Covington House?
what is language of Robert Bruce?
Spirit Mountain's mountain range
In which state is Ridgeway located?
what is concert tour for Atomic Kitten
name the broadcaster of The Zoo Gang
in which country is Long Pond located?
What is the name of one of the season of Teen Kids News?
Make Believe is from which genre?
name the organisms of Boston Terrier?
What type of a campus does Bloomfield Hills High School have?
What is musical scale of Symphony No. 4
Which city contains Blue Ridge?
What is the dish that is made by Cinnamon Tea Cake?
What was the location at which Red Nose Day 2011 occured?
what is district for St. Mary High School?
which institution is associated wih James Tobin?
What is bridge type of Millennium Bridge
who is publisher of Auditorium?
Specify the name of the developer of Rock Band?
What is the game series of Drawn to Life: The Next Chapter
Who is story contributor for 1973
Where is place of birth for Gary Day?
What is Citizen X's genre
what is the step to be taken to play Foreign Affairs?
Name the person who performed on Retribution
Julie's writer?
What is genre for Spicks and Specks
Who is the cover artist for Out of the Dark?
What does Tantalus orbit around?
state the action that must be clicked on to view details about HTC HD2
what is theme song on The View?
Storm King's museum director?
what is genre of Frisky Business?
What is the cataloged value of The Descendants?
in which city does Meramec Conservation Area exist?
what is Self-portrait's subject
Who is 7 Days's musical artist
which is conference of Idaho State Bengals
Who directed Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead
Delaware and Hudson Rail Trail is located at which place?
What was the category for Hurricane Ernesto?
name a department of The College of New Jersey
what is Western Carolina Catamounts's sport?
Who is art director for The Country Girl
martial art student for Moved Permanently?
Who is in charge of casting for Shaft
what is a criminal act comitted by Jos茅 Padilla?
What is rated for One
what is type for Heron?
will they make a sequel to The Castle of the Carpathians
What area has The Daily Record?
what football division does Western Carolina Catamounts belong to?
What is the former name for St. Louis Cardinals
Name the place Toxique originated
which conference does Richmond Spiders belong to?
which is team of Amy Williams
Who was the set designer of Doctor Zhivago?
name an event similar to Eastern Front?
Cannon is named after whom?
who supported Talking Heads ?
Comfrey Secondary's rank?
one of episodes of Mirror Mirror?
What is religion of St. Helen's Church
Who is creator for Blacklight
What is the basin country for Lohbach
Name the conflict at which Andrea Doria was deployed
the releasing company for Underneath?
What is the subdomain of Andrew Blake?
A Catholic Reading Guide to Conditional Immortality's cover is of which type of binding?
What is literary genre of Freewill
what is Frontier High School's school district?
Who does Star belong to
What is the dish that is made by Classic Waldorf?
In what profession was James Webster?
What is appearance for Ben
class Benznidazole?
What is place of birth of Zach Green?
name the person of organization which is responsible for Spelling Bee?
Who is director for Sizwe Banzi is Dead
What is Without a Trace's production company
What was the name of the first release of Catch the Wind?
Who is director for Elmer Gantry
What was the name of the comic book character created by John Byrne?
what is team owneds for Will Smith
Who is in charge of casting for Karnaval
What was the name of the track engineered by Ryan Freeland
What is name of author of It's Not Fair!
what must be done to play music of Laal?
what is movie sequel for Easy Come, Easy Go?
who is writer for Rich Woman
person who owns Wilmington Blue Rocks
who is the inventor of Telephone?
What is the next album after All I Have?
who is operator of Tambov
Which is inflow source of Walker Lake
state the name of the release track of Clouded?
What is the rating for Battle of the Planets?
where is end of Gers
What is Birmingham Bulls's sport
what type of story is Dark City: Repairman Jack: The Early Years
Nomad's engine type?
in which first edition would you find Kaddish?
State the location partially contained by Mount Victoria? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
Who is director for The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby
what is a comic book of Vertigo?
Who is Poppy's lyricist
All movies that David Pagel has played in
state the action that is required to be done to contact A & B Taxi
who has won Danse avec les stars
who is manufacturer for Samsung Galaxy Tab?
On the team, what is the position of Mikkel Jensen?
names of Scott Pilgrim's characters
Pok茅mon Mystery Dungeon: Red Rescue Team's platform?
what must be done to play music of Terraformer?
who is artist for The Olive Trees?
What are teams of War Memorial Stadium
What is subdiscipline for Physiology?
What is manufacturer for Manta
who won Season 5?
What is school of movement of Tamburlaine
Name the language used in Who You Are
state the contributions that has been done for Dil Chahta Hai
What is the currency used in Kaluga?
who is Česko Slovensko má talent's winner
to which literary series did Stephanie Wilson contribute?
In which place did Thomas Sutherland die?
what is scale of Pipeline
aircraft type of Henley?
Dog Days is from which genre?
name the video showing how to make Chicken Skewers with Peanut Sauce
What is the rank that is higher than Subspecies?
The Letter's casting director
What is mpaa rating of Murder on the Orient Express
Where is burial place for William Davidson
what is method of destruction of Doomsday Machine?
What is John Todd's field of study?
mention the verion of PhotoLine?
movies written by Eric Knight
What is architectural style for Unitarian Church
what is league for Long Island Ducks
Who is creator of Billy?
parents of Vir
where is place of births of The Master?
What is famous adaptation for Tomb Raider?
what is Landlocked rated?
Southern Utah Thunderbirds is a part of which conference?
what is famous saying of Taylor Wilson
What does George orbit around?
Barrow is named after whom?
Scorched's editors
What is mountain range of North Mountain
What are teams of The Oval?
Name the type of Joseph A. Craig Charter School?
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Open Your Eyes?
who is the maker of Ford Taurus?
who are cinematographers of Hades
Name one of the season of The Odd Couple?
What is place of birth for Mike Fisher?
What is the education school for Otter?
what division is Charlotte Hornets a member of?
what is character from Watchmen
state the subject of All This Time?
Religion in All Saints Church
State the name of the person who influenced Harry Sullivan
what html layout engine interfaces with SRWare Iron?
who is Close Combat's developer?
where is Beth's place of first performance?
what is Keyboard's variation
Who is soundtrack composer for Arzoo
Who is tv program creator for Where the Heart Is
What is the name of the public library which has The Library as its public library system?
Where is place of origin of True Stories
who are Paul Ryan's parents?
What stadium does Morehead State Eagles play in
mention the name of the child organization of Section 8
what is genre of A Tartan Mask?
Name the country Hospital District is located in?
What is locale for Interstate Bridge
Who is casting director of The Cup
What is color of Luther College?
what is subdiscipline of Astrobiology
What is the original language for In the Blood
What is the catologe calue that corresponds to The Voyage?
what is Cintra's art period
Where is place of birth of Litos
What are teams of Mj酶ndalen
Director for Once On This Island
what is Aqua's manufacturer?
name a magazine in Folklore?
mention an edition of Access All Areas?
who is publisher for The Turing Test
In which country is Sula spoken in?
What was the name of the arist in Law and Disorder?
Blue Skies developed which software?
who is publisher of Run Baby Run
what is compositional form of Roses
Rashad Smith produced which track?
specify the name of the computer software which contains Ulysses?
place of origin of Wushu?
What is the next album after Famous Last Words?
who is the lyrist of A Christmas Story: The Musical
What is the classification of Rex?
What is Penn State Nittany Lions's sport
Which graphics card is installed in Microsoft Lumia 950 XL?
What is the piece of text corresponding to Dial M for Murder?
who is Andrew Blake influenced by?
Wht is the postal code used in seymour?
What is the soundtrack of Under the Rainbow?
who is the author related to John Foley?
Chestnut Hill Historic District was designed by who
what is Rip Van Winkle's art genre?
State the type of Donna Klein Jewish Academy is
What is genre of City Beneath the Sea
What was the name of the engineer who worked on Give It Up?
What is Aldara's ingredient
Which is architectural style of First Evangelical Lutheran Church
what is the musical composition that was recorded on Just So You Know?
What was the cause of death of Thomas Russell?
state the position of Mike Wilson
Which is the key for The Old Mill?
what is Thomas Taylor's architect style?
which election occured for Waldeck?
What is the subject of Addicted to You?
What is competition won by Argentina
Which is spin off for Pretty Little Liars?
what are the organisms of Humanoid?
Where is Percy Jones's place of birth?
Who wrote music for The Big Thing
What caused the death of William Marshall?
What is the name of the organism of Bloodhound?
releasing company for Montrose?
what is category of Bavarian Film Awards?
what is Archias's education school
what is league of Carolina Mudcats
What caused the death of Pancho Villa?
What is the manufactured form of Trichothecium roseum 10000 injectable solution?
What is How to Train Your Dragon's adaptation?
name the director of Page?
state the genre of Day26
galaxy at Pegasus
Who is Court Street Bridge's architect
Starship's concert tour?
name the language used in Pause
Please show one of the episodes of The Stars?
What is Ahmed Assiri's place of birth
Name the short story in which Orpheus appeared on.
What was responsible for the death of Robert W. Peterson?
what are Romulus's species
state the language that Tina Turner was primarily released in?
state the language used in Funny Face
What stadium does San Jose Spiders play in
what are comics published of Gary Reed?
What is genres of 100% Love?
Where is place of origin of Blankety Blanks
Who was the actor starring in Knight Rider
Which grade is the lowest that is taught in Montessori Centres?
name the event that took place after Viva! Hysteria
what is The Crow: City of Angels's prequel
what is verse form of Washington Crossing the Delaware
What is the gender of Joe Schilling?
who are Back to the Future's composers
what is star in Carina
who is ship builder of HMS Coventry?
Who are governing bodies of Martin's Mill Covered Bridge
What is Faroe Islands's sport
what is the optical drive included in Compaq Deskpro EP 6350X Model 6400?
Who maintains the structure Martin Luther King Bridge?
Who is author for Hellboy, Vol. 1: Seed of Destruction
what is Hannah Fox's weight division?
Hiawatha is of what genre?
what is Joe Williams's weight division
David Richardson's batting stats?
state the religion followed by Vishnuvardhana?
state what is offered at Numero Uno
state the scope of Food and Drug Administration in which it operates
who is operator of Tasiusaq?
Gibson Lake's outflow locations
Who is director of Dinner with Friends
what is fight song for VCU Rams
which is Freddie Steele's division?
What was the set location of Last Train Home
Who is contractor for Fifth Third Center
name the place Siege originated
What is the sport played by Mark Graham?
state the name of the child organization of Liga Endesa?
What is genre of Bigfoot and the Muscle Machines
Who is the editor of Kafka
Who is director of Mademoiselle
what is quotation from Sinbad
Which championship does Vanderbilt Commodores win?
What is the action to be taken to watch the trailer of The Kreutzer Sonata in a theatre or on a personal device?
what team is Dan McCarney coaching now?
What is the genre of Red Ryder?
What is place of birth of Alan Baker?
what is Vancouver Grizzlies's division?
What is the currency used in Abaza?
what is name of Eyes of the Insane's composer
Name the album prior to Complete
mention the name of the character from Endlessly
State the name of the recurring event which is a part of UEFA Euro 2012
who performed on GLADIATOR?
Dillinger's editors
What is name of place where Gene Mruczkowski was born?
Mother Goose's composers
what is BOH's legal status
where is place of birth for Greg Evans
What is space programs by Apollo 13?
what is the subject matter of Marx, Karl?
what is Cai Lun's inventions
Who is music director for The Adversary?
What type of bridge is Bridge of Sighs
In which position does Jason Johnson play?
Who is director of Jane Eyre
name the languages used in Press
what is the subject matter of Michael Jordan?
what is Blob Wars: Metal Blob Solid's platform?
What is Davidson Wildcats's sport
What is 2nd Brigade's branch of armed force
State the subject of Axe?
Name the album prior to Mothership
How is Ruby classified?
Who is soundtrack composer of Where the Truth Lies
what is the education school of Ian Thomas
Name a game published by Riot
What is the genre of Helen of Troy?
What does Kari orbit around?
State the position of David Salazar
Which is the maintainer of Manchester Airport?
Waterfox is of what version?
What is the video that is linked to Slice of Life?
Q works on what operating system?
The Guardian is owned by who
What is the name of the social network profile of Converse?
Where is place of birth of Ali Abdo
of presented which award?
what is inflow source for Diamond Lake
name a music artit similar to Night?
what are art genres of The Funeral?
to watch the trailer of Sleepless Nights what is the action that must be taken?
Directors of The Norman Conquests: Table Manners
Where is the place of death of John Hay?
what is genre for Jammin'
who is designer for Mischief
who is writer of Take a Bow
What is the type of 76?
what is type of place of worship Grace United Methodist Church
what is major language spoken in South Korea?
who is art director of Daughters?
who is the captain of Iceland?
Which is the video offer of The Invaders?
Where is inflow source of Lake Chad
Name the location that is partially contained by Mount Currie? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
what is offered at La Vendetta?
what is Walnut Street Bridge's bridge type?
what is literary series Behind Closed Doors?
Ben Stein is the sibling of who?
Name the market in which 5urprise is sold?
State the position of Monty Brown
which is park for Loch Ness Monster?
Who is director for March of the Falsettos
what is prequel to Galveston?
what are art genres of Boating?
Purlie's lyrists?
what movies did Douglas Campbell direct
name the person of organization which is responsible for Martyn Joseph?
Who is tv program creator for The Hidden?
what are major cities at Great Portland Street?
What are the affected areas of Tropical Storm Danielle
what is Formaldehyde's phase at stp
In which place did Sam White die?
What is genre of Pete 'n' Tillie
lyrics writers of Big River?
who is the team captain of Latvia?
what did R茅aumur inventor?
What is the name of the program of Star Wars: The Clone Wars?
what is the mascot for Lathrop High
what is brand name for Edoxaban
what langue do they speak in Yemen
which subject was focussed on in ACE 2014?
state the phone number associated with Tsentralny Airport?
what is variation for Tuba?
What is place of birth for Richard Alston?
What is the classification of Caesar?
University of Glasgow presented which award?
What does Stone Bridge span across?
what is the action that must be done to play Scatterbrain?
Who was responsible for the illustrations of The Prince and the Pauper?
What is one of the seasons of Evil Things?
What is mouth of Swanson River?
Memento can be downloaded on which page?
subject of Crawford Notch?
Who is designer for Grace Church?
The name of the mascot of Union College
What is the album after Emigrante?
Changle is located at which place?
Michael Kohlhaas's casting director
who is orchestrator of Beatlemania
What is prequel of The Visitor
Who was the letterer for World Without End?
What is the position of J煤nior Alves on the team?
Who is music composer of Ramleela
Which is time zone for Nêdong?
Who is The Real McCoy's costume designer
isotopes for Neon
what is ability of Black Alice
What star system is Margaret in?
State the keyword that corresponds to Anthony Cerami?
who is orchestrator for A Grand Night for Singing?
which is the first ascent in William Phelps
Which is the video offer of Private Eye?
What is the name of the musical composition which is recorded on Band of the Hand?
state the person who participated in 56th Annual Grammy Awards?
State what made Angelo Rizzoli famous
What is prequel for Robocop 2?
in which first edition would you find Cap Horn a虁 la voile?
island in Cameron Lake's list
Director for Mother Courage and Her Children?
which company is developer of Turf?
which election occured for Verdun?
where was Mindfulness held?
what is the name of one of the season of Citrus?
What was the cause of death of George Wallace?
What video corresponds to How the States Got Their Shapes?
who is the cover artist for Snow?
Mayotte's government type
Who is architect for Park Tower
what is sequel of Sabretooth
What is St Andrew's school district
Where did Fanny originate?
WFTV can be received in which area?
Where did John William Mitchell pass away?
what is John Hutchinson's place of cremation
The outflow locations of Steele Lake
To which series does The Carnelian Throne belong?
What is Booth Island's island group
state the text describing the bried about Gay
Who is director for The Pirates of Penzance
what is Little Joe's country of origin
Mention the instruction to prepare Cat's Meow Catfish
which mountain range does Mount Karpinsky belong to?
what is included as a part of Women's Halfpipe?
Who is director of Caligula
what are major cities at Skyway?
name of director for Bad Boys
List of films written by Dave Laden?
what is locale for Chamberlain Bridge?
who owns Chesterfield?
team captain of Czech Republic?
name the album that consists Nothing in My Way?
who maintains the structure Overton?
in which first edition would you find A Stone's Throw?
what is the zodiac sign of Steve Smith?
What was the book editions published by Amy Lloyd?
Movies Jeff Maynard has produced?
What is the name of the book that corresponds to Do-Gooders?
What software languages were used to create Ubiquity?
mention the nationality of Ian Richardson
What is the currency used in Beaconsfield?
Directors of Two Trains Running
what kind of bridge is Elgin Bridge?
who is designer for Thistle?
State the cataloged value of The Art of Dying?
Name of architect of Deutsches Stadion
Which music artist is similar to Robert Williams?
State the video that corresponds to To Have and Have Not?
What caused the death of Edward James?
what are Red Cedar Lake's outflows?
In which place did John Small die?
what is theme song on Hung?
What is city by Eagle Lake
what is the first ascent in Petrarch
Backgammon's editor
what is David's film?
What is official color of Westlake High School?
what educational institution has Monash University?
State the keyword that corresponds to John Yates
Name the broadcaster of A Christmas Carol?
which book edition was illustrated by David Roberts?
Which is architecture style for Berry Hill
Which are comic books created by Gary Reed
what kind of bridge is Y-Bridge?
name the product related to Tracer
What is the next album after Global Warming?
What is the currency used in Swindon Town?
Beacon Hill's mountain range
what city was 4AD founded?
who owns Politehnica Timi葯oara
what is Sunflowers's art work
What is religion in The Crossing Church
which team did Lorenzo Gonnelli play for?
Who directed Torch Song Trilogy
What is the position of Shawn Williams?
What is the name of the place Bill Goodwin originated from?
Who is director of The Duchess of Malfi
name the language spoken fluently by Jennifer Lopez?
Which is architecture style for Mirów Castle
Where is Takeshi Shimizu's place of birth?
Who is casting director of Joshua
Where was The Cruel Sea shot at?
star in Crux?
where is Jupiter's launch site?
what are teams at Ontinyent
what is locale of Tacoma Narrows Bridge?
Where is the location in which Thankyou was recorded?
name the director of Ghost in the Machine?
which state is Mount Madison located in ?
who is Jenkins named for
who manufactured Solo?
name the version of The Game of Life?
Bittersweet produced by
Who is director of The Real Thing
Who is director of The Violet Hour
movies written by Bruce Logan?
who is Kevin Barry influenced by?
Where did Legacy originate?
National Pastime's lyrists
Who is director of The Wind In The Willows
who won America's Got Talent
to watch the trailer of Der Schuh des Manitu what is the action that must be taken?
author of Old Friends?
What is the zodiac sign of Stevie Ray?
who is academic mentor to Boris Magasanik
What is galaxy in Coma Berenices
what is school district of Academy of Excellence
state the activity related to Indian River
What are the languages used in Office Office?
what is ability of Kane
Who was responsible for the illustrations of The Legend of Sleepy Hollow?
name the location at which People Are Crazy was recorded?
What is color of Freeman High School
what is the name of one of the season of The Odd Couple?
what is The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh's theme
What is the position of John O'Sullivan?
what is El Salvador's former name?
What is Troy Smith's role on football team
name the place Robyn originated
Who is publisher of Where in the World is
Who is reponsible for influencing Grandmaster Flash?
What is sport of Lehigh Mountain Hawks?
Name of place where Hans Blum was born?
Name the type of descriptor Striker is?
what is University High School's mascot name?
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Head over Heels
what may Calcium gluconate prevent
Wallace is named after whom?
state the languages used in Cool It?
what is the bridge on Ottawa?
Movie art directors of Wilt
Films produced by David Rose
pregnancy category of Enzalutamide
State the religion followed by Tom Arnold?
What is architecture style for Battersea
Robert Wright inventions and discoveries?
Chiron's star system?
what the names of comic books written by Seth
What is genres of And Then You Die
What is the highest education level taught in Robinson Middle School?
What is competition won by Rhydymwyn?
who is creator of Vega?
State the location partially contained by Mount Benson? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
what is Dawn of Discovery's prequel?
Who is director for Fifth of July
Tarot appears in what fictional universe?
What cities does Valea Tig膬i River go through
name the graphics card of Acer Aspire E 15 E5-573?
Directors of A Lie of the Mind
in which form is Etodolac 600 extended release film coated tablet manufactured?
Who is designer of Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church?
what is architecture style for First Christian Church?
Charlotte Hornets's mascot
name of composer of Beautiful Liar
What is the name of the organization that has Piedmont
What was the review on Broken?
in which country is Paroxetine 30 film coated tablet available in?
Who is director for The Coast of Utopia: Salvage
what are comics published of Black Mask
What is the name of the character who appeared in Highlander?
What is the name of the mascot of Hot Springs High School
U2's concert tour
State the action that must be done to view the menu of Cafe Blue online?
which is color of Acacia?
Who is director of Talley's Folly
what is the library under Millicent Library?
What is architectural firm of Trump International Hotel and Tower
For which issue was Flex?
what stadium does Trinidad and Tobago play in?
What is genres of Sharing the Secret
mention the gender of Champagne?
Which organization presents Jane Addams Children's Book Award?
burial site of Jack Doyle?
Witchcraft's builder&
What is the scope of Alliance Party in which it operates?
who is director for The First
What is the zodiac sign of John Boyd?
name the actor starring in Corporate
Director for Pygmalion
Devon Smith's batting stats
name the instruments played by The Rebels?
What is Penasco Elementary's school district
what language is used for ntop?
What is Green Hill's mountain range
State the name of the recurring event which is a part of Love and Marriage?
what is Astrophysics's subdiscipline?
what is Crawford Notch's art genre?
what is the position of Russell Saunders?
Who is in charge of casting for Hide and Seek
Is there a sequel to Blue Moon
Who is reponsible for influencing The Underdog?
Who is the set designer of Suture?
what is Perses's education school?
who composed music for Days of the Week
Mosquito Pass's mountain range?
nam the track of Christian Wolff?
type of government for Guinea-Bissau?
what is Crater's galaxy
Tonga's official language
What is team for Michael Cooper
What is death place of George Wyllie?
What is Gavin Stevens's appearance
what is sorority color of Adelante?
What is the classification of Dakota?
Lewis and Clark Trail is written by which writer?
What was the set location of Mario
mention the genre of Alexander Grant?
Which is architecture style for Oakhurst?
Azazel's organization
Who is contractor for Benson Tower
specify the difficulty category of Wenaha River?
what was the final cut of Fever Pitch called?
subject of Ophelia
What is Match's specie
Who is Citizen X's music composer
What is the gender of Chase Hoyt?
who is museum director of Tate
What series does Water Lily Pond belong to?
what is the subject matter of Anthony Cerami?
Who is director for Fool For Love
What is the star sign of Brendan Fletcher
what is New Era Academy's mascot name?
What are species of Power Man
which is spin off for Cabaret
what is brand name of Enzalutamide?
What is the optical drive that is included with HP ENVY 17T?
Editors of Repeat Performance
Specify the content of Savage?
What is the name of the end of Line A?
Where is place of birth of Bella
Who is director for The Play About the Baby
what is the album after POV?
Directors of Lady of the House
what was the final cut of Diana called?
Final Call's releasing company
What is architecture style for Jones House
What caused the death of Robert Kennedy?
Mention the name of the place Wegener was incorporated
what is the ship type for Wanderer
what is district of Southwest Region
Where is the place of death of Llewellyn Thomas?
what is location of The Bridge
what are outflow locations for Devils Lake?
religion of St. Francis de Sales?
spectral type of Tantalus
What was the name of the album prior to This Is War?
what is the video offer of Kano?
where was Whose Line Is It Anyway? produced?
What is school district Jefferson Preparatory High School
who owned FC Bayern Munich
where was The Michael Kay Show produced?
name of creator of Lionheart?
specify the link on which Touch can be played
what team is Jim Ryan coaching?
What is The Driver's releasing company
What are species for Geodude
What is birth place of Giorgio Zancanaro
US Bank Plaza's contractors?
Addams Family Values's film
What is the name of the series Clock Tower belongs to?
Jean Charles de Menezes is participated by which person?
launch site for Omid
what is the step to be taken to play Phantom?
What are the languages used in Hotel?
Editors of The Robber
what is theme music on Inspector Gadget?
What is Henry Howell's place of birth?
What does Perdita orbit around
who is Stabat Mater's lyrics writer
What is the album after Nightmare?
Author of Chandler is called by what name?
which is a character of The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?
Who is executive producer of Secret Places
What is the name of the institution associated with Peter Hall?
Kingdom of Serbia's type of government
casting director for Replicas?
which team does Steve Johnson coach
what language is used for OpenFX?
What movies did Robert Schwartz direct?
How is Ella classified?
Where is end of Ruda
what is the recurring event that is a part of Own It!?
State the language that Trenches was primarily released in
Idlewild's managements
name the person of organization which is responsible for School for Wives
Who is tv program creator for The Basil Brush Show
in what film does Aunt Rita appears?
Who is Warriors's casting director
The Amityville Horror's sequel?
Who or what is Sabine named after
What is one of the seasons of Password?
name of author who wrote Little Bill
Field of study for Cliff Lampe
state the book editions published by Carolyn Miller
Who is director of A Raisin in the Sun
What is color for Mt Alvernia High School
what is well known Icebreaker's ship
Which is The Invasion's rating
which is inflow source for Lake Iij盲rvi?
Who or what is Gloucester named after
Who is director of The Great White Hope
to watch Baggage Claim, what must be clicked on?
in which market was The Crest sold?
What is the next album after Never Let Me Go?
Directors of A Chorus of Disapproval
in which tournament did Infamous participate?
who is manufacturer for Electron
which is martial art of Alan Richardson
what is periodic table block for Mercury
Which is mpaa rating of Under the Rainbow
Unknown Soldier's cinematographer
Winner of Big Brother Africa
state the name of the sequel of New World Order?
Who is director for The Loman Family Picnic?
During what time is The Returned aired?
What was the set location of The Conjugal Bed
What is Steamboat Springs High School's school district
What is Covington High School's district
specify the location where Donovan Smith studied?
What category storm is Hurricane Adrian?
Who is designer to St. John's Cathedral
mention the name of the character from What's New, Pussycat?
What are the instruction to prepare Leona's Cabbage Soup?
Harry Newman's owned teams
What is the consumer product under Muse?
Mike Reid' written work
what is the habitat for White Tiger?
State which grade is the highest, taught in Swiftwater Intermediate School
person who Spinning was made by
spectral type for Aldebaran
Which graphics card is installed in Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime?
what is place of birth for Allen
Who directed Juno And The Paycock
which is a character of Lord of the Dead ?
name the person of organization which is responsible for Relative Values?
name the engineer who worked on Birthday
name the consumer product under Zebutal
Who is director for Same Time, Next Year
what is the runner up of 1993 World Series?
Specify the season name that corresponds to Dad for a Day?
Layer Cake was taken from which recipe collection?
state the name of the track of Mask Off
Which is the lowest grade taught in Desert Christian?
One of episodes of Stingray
What is adaptation of Love Story?
what is Loop the Loop's manufacturer
Lifeless's works?
What is the industry of Berkshire Hathaway?
What series does Rocks belong to?
In which place did George Morrison die?
what is space program for Rosetta?
Who is architect of Church of Our Saviour
What is the name of the activity that corresponds to Choctawhatchee River?
Where is the place of death of John Owen?
Which operating system does Lenovo ThinkCentre M810Z 10Q1 run on?
under which category does Pandora come?
What is the name of the district election of Wilmot?
94105 is located at which place?
What was the name of the album prior to Global Warning?
What was the book editions published by Andrew Davis?
What is the language used in Count on the Saint?
What is spin off of The Apprentice
where is place of birth of Jordan Johnson where does Jordan Johnson born
what are the books written by Don McAllister
What is the zodiac sign of Jimmy Young?
Where is home stadia of Portland Timbers
what is the religion of Saint?
Too which city does Todd Lake belong?
which team is Willie Brown coaching now
who is publisher for Operation Flashpoint: Elite
What is color at Rowan University
What is the location of Standard Chartered?
what is league for Surfers Paradise
Where did This originate?
Where is home stadia of Oakland Oaks
Who is the author of Chocolate Chip Cheesecake With Oreo Cookie Crust?
On the team, what is the position of Mat铆as Gonz谩lez?
Dead Egotistical Morons: A Paul Turner Mystery's cover is of which type of binding?
Name the album prior to Cocoon
Where is Jessica Rose's place of birth?
Name the market in which EQUiSat is sold?
Which is architectural style of William Jennings Bryan House
Colonial Theatre was designed by who
Who is creator of Pearl
where is place founded by The Alternative
What must be clicked on to watch The Invaders?
state the genre of My Brother's Keeper?
What is sequel for The Cave
which app has Visual Studio?
What is the ethnic group Tony Martin belongs to
list of movies that Angel Rock has been in?
Which is spin off of Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior
state the languages used in The Forbidden City?
Who is director of Fences
What genre is The Staircase
Which is mpaa rating for Anything for Love
Films written by Peder Pedersen
mention the difficulty category of Pitchoff Mountain?
What is the name of the activity that corresponds to Deschutes River?
in which continents is Ket spoken in?
who is the maintainer of Interstate 395?
What is Dharmatma's genre
what military conflict was Thomas Gray deployed?
mention the language that Suspended was primarily released in?
What is the position of Albert Groves on the team?
where is Buena Park located?
What was the program created by Jesse Vincent?
in which tournament did Timo Kettunen participate?
What is the name of the episode which was directed by Jonathan Weiss?
Empire's tv channel
What is division that Oklahoma State Cowboys is a part of?
What is sport for UMBC Retrievers
What was the rating of My Way to Olympia like?
Who is Harvey named for?
what is the runner up of XIII
What kind of genre is Another Day
subject of The Wounded Man
publisher for Marvels?
Who is creator of Artie
who is recording artist for The Roches?
What location is partially contained by Gore Mountain? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What stadium does Fayetteville Force play in
what is theme for Finding Nemo Submarine Voyage
Which is the maintainer of March?
What is the rank of Circle High School?
What is Looping Star's manufacturer
Daniel Miller's progenies
who is the cover artist for Cuba Libre?
Mention the gender of Clerk
What is genre of Async Corp.
Who is Chase Hoyt's parent?
Who is director of Lovers and Other Strangers?
on which link can Sing be played?
who is art director in Frankenstein
What is the scope of Sacred Band of Thebes in which it operates?
What is the name of the program of The A Word?
what is city on Godavari
state the action that is required to be done to contact Cleaning Connection?
what is the ranking for Valley Stream Memorial Junior High School
My Life is a part of which recording?
List of movies that Christine Shaw was in
which event preceded Women's Halfpipe?
subject of The Art of Painting
what is biological classification for Taygete
Who is director of Slaughter City?
What type of campus does Williamson High School have?
Which is color for Calumet High School
Who is engineer of NEMA
what is UCF Knights's fight song
where is Awareness's founded place
what is built place of HMS Grenville?
name the character from Somewhere Only We Know?
Who is the spouse of Hepzibah Earle?
Name the album prior to Deconstruction
Who is Unreal Tournament's publisher
Who wrote lyrics for Love Story
what is Louisville Cardinals's division?
Who is soundtrack composer of 100% Love?
mention the difficulty category of Castle Peak?
what is Norfolk Admirals's division
What is the highest grade taught in Shelby Elementary School
Director for Song and Dance
what is Washington Senators's former name
What is the sport played by Christian Taylor?
What was the name of the location in which Guillaume Tell was held?
What is th position on the team of Diego Reyes?
Brian Lane published which editions of the book?
Casting director for The Counterfeiters
what is the rating of Red Menace
What is the next album after Rhythm of Love?
Mary J. Blige produced which track?
who are the composers for The Kid
Another World can be contacted after which required action?
Seven's form of composition
who is tv program creator of Rescue?
Name the album next, after Loving You
writers for Realm?
movie of Highway
what is school of movement of The Flowers of Evil
where is The Cube's founded place
state the domain of Marx, Karl
What is the first ascent in Glen Dawson
Name the place Single Bullet Theory originated
What was the name of the engineer who worked on Teeth?
What is mpaa rating of Running
what type of a spirit is After Dark?
what is Mark Turner's field of study
Design of Cold River Bridge was done by
What was the name of the album prior to Falling in Love?
Who is the set designer of Carpool?
Where did The Great and Secret Show originate?
State the keyword that corresponds to Ph.D.?
Name the album next, after Wildflower
Which is architectural style of Logan County Courthouse
mention the reveiw on Burner?
what html layout engine was used in Portable Firefox?
A Guide to Teaching Introductory Psychology's cover is of which type of binding?
what is built place of Brothers
what is quote of Henry Hudson?
in which short story would you find Bingo?
what software languages were used to create Java?
What is genres of Jackie
What is name of song from The Late Late Show
Librettist of Rusalka
name a department of Columbia?
what is the audio pertaining to Wednesday's Child?
Who is author for Beans
In Advent, what was a part of it?
name the site that is protected by United States Forest Service
the outflow of Elizabeth Lake
What is adaptation of The Bourne Identity?
the developer of Microsoft Dynamics NAV is known by which name?
What is the location of Royal Air?
what movies did Ben Hicks direct
characters of The Bard?
who are the parents for Alfonso Rodriguez
What is the software license of StarUML?
which is architectural style for Fairview
mention the name of the character from Beethoven?
What is the sex of Jamie Lee?
Who was the set designer of Spider?
Where was All in the Game shot at?
which music artist is similar to 999?
who is author of A Killing on Wall Street: An Investment Mystery
Who is ship builder for HMS Unicorn
State the scope of Aam Aadmi Party in which it operates?
name an edition of Bug?
state the scope of Solidarity in which it operates?
What diseases may Vitamin D prevent?
What is the subdomain of John Yates?
which city contains Downtown?
what is prequel to Shadowgate?
who is Endurance's designer
Who is art director of Watchers
What is the next album after Live at Wembley?
what is spin off of Jerry Seinfeld
what is Bridge to Nowhere's locale
What is school district Pewamo-Westphalia Jr. Sr. High School
Which track had Cutting Crew as the producer?
Director for Homebody/Kabul
What is school district for Notre Dame Elementary School
who is creator for Blackthorn
What is the name of the book that corresponds to Comanche Moon?
State the name of the album prior to Heartstrings
What is the rank of Flatliners
what is park of Runaway Train
what is Prowler's launch site
which is league of Washington Senators
Stafford is named after whom
What are all movies that Charles Grantham has been in
What military conflict was Heinz Schmidt deployed?
which organization presents Prix Aurora Award?
who are lyrics writers of Galveston
What is place of death of Richard Willis?
what is birth place of Chocolate?
Who is story contributor of Inheritance?
what is name of theme song to The Incredible Hulk?
Who is the publisher of Classification Methods for Remotely Sensed Data?
which is Procyon's constellation
What is park of Space Mountain
What is RIT Tigers's competition won
What is the name of the manufacturer of Cimetidine 400 tablet?
Charles Rosen is influenced by whom?
Which is architectural style for Antioch Baptist Church
specify which soundtrack belongs to Jumanji?
Who are Dreaming of You's lyrics writers
the first release of Quietdrive was known by what name?
What is prequel to Nothing Lasts Forever
What is the language used in Real Love?
What are all movies that Claire Russell has been in
What is the name of the games that run on DirectX?
what is Safir's country of origin?
type of government for Sudan?
what is 32's subject called?
What is sport of Harvard Crimson
which product is related to Auditorium?
What was the name of the location in which A Grand Night for Singing was held?
to view details about Batwoman which actions must be clicked on?
What was the name of the sequel of Oaxaca?
Who is creator of Incept
first climber to reach top of Mount Albert
What is the subject of Blackhawk?
Who is the artist appearing in The Adam Carolla Show?
Name the creative work about City Museum
Where is place of birth for Bill Parker?
who are Love Me's lyrics writers?
what is Bette Davis Eyes's subject called?
What is the name of the episode which was directed by John Barton?
Acid lower classifications?
Which is mpaa rating for Pompeii
What kind of descriptor is Lost & Found
what is William Grose's burial place?
What was responsible for the death of John Barry?
what is fossil specimen of Tyrannosaurus
What is name of The Other Boleyn Girl's casting director?
Where did Look originate?
What is name of John Doe's executive producer
what is type for 3000
Who is director of Master Harold...and the Boys
What is the action to be taken to watch the trailer of Tunnel Vision in a theatre or on a personal device?
state the language used on Community Participation
the affected area of Vivian
Who was the actor starring in War of the Worlds
architect style of James Harrison?
what is the action that must be done to play Gumbo?
Platforms of Warriors Orochi Z
who is owner of The Oregonian?
What is stadium name for MTV Wolfenb眉ttel
mention the reveiw on Mocha?
state the name of the sequel of From the Horse's Mouth?
compound classifications of Calcium citrate
Name the type of Homer A. Plessy Community School
Who is Soledad's art director
body of water of Elgin Bridge?
in which market was New Era Academy sold?
What is genre of book A Window in an Unlikely Place
periodic table block for Titanium
who is Pacific's owner
mention the sports statistics of Daniel
What is name of director of Rescue Me
Who is designer of Corkscrew?
what is ride type for Orbiter
which is Echo Lake's island?
Hungry was taken from which recipe collection?
What is the organization of Domino
who is designer for West Main Street Historic District
one of the games in Links?
What is genre for The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
what is inflow source of Elizabeth Lake?
over which place does Slovak Republic have jurisdiction?
the creator for V谩clav Havel
who is Vancouver Grizzlies's owner
what olympic games are berlin hosted
What was the name of the album prior to Destination Unknown?
What is the language of One Dark Night?
Name the location that is partially contained by Bergen? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
state where Chimera was published
what is space program for Sojourner
what is Jupiter's star system?
Who was the actor starring in Cumbres borrascosas
What is synopsis of Sorry!
what was the name of penciler of Purge?
What is genre for book Henry IV
what is architectural style for Friendship?
One of games bolonging to Thunder Force
What is sport for George Washington Colonials
What is the genre of MDFMK?
What is the name of one of the season of Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior?
what are Jorge Cardoso's albums
who is script writer for Continuum?
mention the medical speciality of Fritz Pfeffer?
what is college for Chaff?
What is the name of the final edited version of The Condor?
What was the name of the album prior to Paradise?
What was the name of the producer of Neon?
to which literary series did Peter Newman contribute?
What is the mascot's name for Mercy High School
What is the sport played by John Fitzgerald?
What was the name of the film for which the set deisgner was Mike Johnson?
mention the language that Arnie was primarily released in?
One of games bolonging to Kim Possible?
What are teams at Red Bull Arena
who is first to climb Mount Adams?
what is the highest grade taught in Child's Play?
what is the terminuse for R?
St. Agnes Church's religion
What is name of place where Erika was born
Liberty Belle is of what genre?
What is the name of the episode that precedes Ave Maria?
where did Dracula originate from?
mention the gender of Clemet Henriksson Mustaparta Alatalo?
What is the currency used in nottingham?
What is the name of the album that consists Turn Up the Radio?
Which is a cut version for Mist ?
What cities does Buffalo River go through
which company is developing company for Brian Lara Cricket?
What is the name of the institution associated with Martin Taylor?
Who is art director of The Barbarians
What was the name of the producer of Never Too Much?
what is martial art of James Murray
name the author of Chiles En Nogada
Mention the name of the country in which Fluconazole 100 tablet is available
which player is North Korea's captain
mention the reveiw on Ectoplasm
Movie produced by Matthew King
Who is director of Beauty and the Beast
pregnancy category for Carbachol
who was the issuer of State Street?
Casting director for Perception
what is the location of Malo?
which state is Sheridan Park located in ?
which institution is associated wih Alan Turing?
Mention the identifier for Wildwood Park .?
where was Focus shot at?
What is theme for Griffon?
What is the language used in It Takes Two?
Name the product related to VR Sports Powerboat Racing?
what is the brand name of CA Anti-Spyware?
To which literary series did Francesca Cavallo contribute?
Kapil Dev's batting stats
Who is the editors of Masterminds
what is Kilburn Towers's form of composition
what is bridge type of Peace Bridge
Where is place of birth for Candice Wiggins?
On the team, what is the position of Martin Clark?
Who is director of Evita
What is the department of University of Glasgow?
name an event similar to Payback?
What is place of birth for Jay Roberts?
what is Curiosity's launch vehicle
What the name of the album of Exile?
What is place of birth for Brandon Thomas?
What is role in football for Robert Smith?
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Waitress
Which software was developed by Chris Roberts?
specify the name of the educational institution that grants the degree of Steve Evans
what was the track produced by Heart?
What is the link on which Respect can be played?
what html layout engine was used in Internet Explorer?
what is the ship type of ASC
Mention the identifier for Roan Mountain .?
Name the author of Pineberry Smoothie
where did Karl Koller pass away?
state the type of 7Dash
what is genre for The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie?
What is the catologe calue that corresponds to Elevator?
what was the march of Canadian Expeditionary Force?
Calling You is of which track?
Name the audio that corresponds to Going, going, gone
the release of Elephant is known by what name?
what type of museum is Jurassic?
verse form for Arcadia
state the phone number associated with Glasgow City
What is the religion of John Davis?
who is the creator of The Last of England
what is The Spectrum's school?
Directors of In the Blood?
Who is director of Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson
What is city on New River
what is The Silhouette's university?
who is author to After the Earthquake?
name a music artit similar to Deleted Scenes?
What is place of birth of Doug Howard?
In which place did Howard Smith die?
Who directed The Effect of Gamma Rays on Man-in-the-Moon Marigolds
name the product related to Battle Chasers: Nightwar?
What is the name of the conference in which Coastal Carolina Chanticleers competes in?
what is ability of Jirachi?
who is the lyrics writer for Two-Timing Touch and Broken Bones?
which is spin off of Amores de mercado
Who is founder for Rainbow?
What was the rating of Trading Faces like?
state the medical speciality of Sanjay Gupta
Editors of Black Book
What is genre of Neon Chrome
What is the manufactured form of Epicoccum nigrum 0.05 injectable solution?
American Flagg!'s setting?
In which place did Felix Adler die?
which state is Mistletoe located in ?
what is the mountain range of MacDonald Pass?
Drew Hoffman published which editions of the book?
what the names of comic books written by Sean Murphy
Too which city does Timber Ridge belong?
mention the fiber used in Serge?
state the sports statistics of Romania?
where is Krishna's mouth?
what type of museum is Racism?
What is place of birth of Thomas Spencer
state the ranking of the genre of After School
What is bridge type of Wabash Bridge?
who are the writers of The Modern World?
What is genres of A Good Thief
Who is in charge of casting for Eden
what is spectral type of Sirius?
what is genre of Karma?
Directors of Putting It Together
Where is burial place of John Hoskins?
Salt's higher classifications
State the type of Durant Elementary School is
in which tournament did Pete Wright participate?
What is the major cities connected by Oxford Street
Directors of 'night, Mother
How is Shannon classified?
which is a cut version for Roadblock ?
what are teams in Phuket?
Which is conference for Rhode Island Rams
the social network profile of Dossier is known by which name?
what is the action that must be done to view the menu of Front Page News online?
Too which city does Diamond Lake belong?
Director for Our Country's Good
in which state is Rio Grande located?
Who wrote Ryan?
On the team, what is the position of 脡dson?
what must be done to play music of Michael Lee?
what is Winter's Tale's school of movement?
What is competition won by LSU Tigers?
Who is director for Skylight
what is the highest grade taught in Gulf Trace Elementary School
What is the next album after World in Motion?
state Champ's reveiws
Which is spin off for Password
Where was Taj Mahal shot at?
How is Patrick classified?
state the name of the child organization of Irish Hockey?
what is sport of San Marino
what type of bridge is Brooklyn Bridge
name a department of University of San Francisco
specify the instruction to prepare Kir?
name the location at which Roger Wilson was held
which is constellation of Antares?
who are Ju谩rez: A Documentary Mythology's composers?
Director for The Taming of the Shrew?
What was the review on Any Questions??
What is the basin country of Steinbach
List of every movie directed by David Sheehan
What is religion for St. Bartholomew's Anglican Church?
which is a character of Jeeves Takes Charge ?
who is director for Dusk
Who is director for Little Shop of Horrors
What is architecture style for Shadow Lawn
What is district for Bowie High School
publisher of Invasion!
Which is the maintainer of Interstate Bridge?
Too which city does Cedar Lakes belong?
Tapasya's cinematographer
What is place of birth of Brett Ford?
Who is art director in Picnic
movie of Periyar
mention the part of the event included in Battle of Britain?
what is canonical brand name for Ertapenem
who is the director of Repeat After Me?
which is architecture company of Howrah Bridge?
What is genres of Six Minutes
What is famous saying of Marlene Dumas
List of movies written by David Brooks?
What is the name of the film in which Earl Manigault appears?
movie of Silence?
Big Wheel is from which genre?
What is sport of Syria
What is legal status of Pimavanserin?
What is inflow source for Crescent Lake
What is the sports team that takes second place in 2016 Honduran Supercup?
what is Full House's aircraft model?
which team is Jon Gruden coaching now?
state the author of A Bad Boy Can Be Good for a Girl?
What type is Scott Elementary School?
what software languages were used to create XPS Annotator?
What is the star sign of Danny Lee?
Who is the cover artist for The Secret Hour?
What is ingredient for Avalide
what is main language in Barbados?
What is the name of the program of Mish Mash?
What is the next album after OK?
What is St. Louis Ambush's sport
What is the optical drive that is included with ASUS X52JU?
Who is art director for Fire Down Below
which is school color for Harmony Grove?
what is name of song from Take Me Out
What is the industry of Albert Bartlett?
what is Tinker's founder's name
In which country is 53154 located?
what is movie of Hot Fuzz
What was the name of the album prior to II?
Where was Surveillance shot at?
Which is Jonah's mpaa rating
List every movie directed by Sean King?
What is island group of Victoria Island
Name the classification of Buck
What was the program created by Kala?
name the manufacturer of Cell?
State the keyword that corresponds to Douglas W. Jones?
Which is a cut version for Soviet Park ?
What is city by Red Lake
who is designer for Columbia
mountain ranges of Timber Ridge
What is the name of the activity that corresponds to Saddle Mountain?
Who is director for Travels With My Aunt
Where did The Rolling Stones originate?
State the name of the album prior to Weekend
what sports team does Jim Irsay own?
Who is the publisher of A Treatment for Teachers with Tired Heads: A Condition Caused by Wearing Too Many Hats?
specify the platform on which CatBox runs
Who is tv program creator for The Collector
what are the games that run on Simple DirectMedia Layer?
List every movie directed by Jon Gilbert
The Nun's casting director
who came up with Waru
who is librettist for Dubrovsky
Sawtooth Lake's outflow locations?
Who is writer for Better Days
Who is director of Children of Eden
Who is director of Measure for Pleasure
What is tennis grip of Donald Young
mention the gender of Adam Wilson
State the place from where Pathos is originated from
where is the outflow location of Twin Lakes?
on the team, what is the position of Juan Camilo Garc铆a?
what is the text describing a brief about Mystique?
Movies that Kyle Mumford produced
Who is the maintainer of High Level Bridge?
Which is architectural style of State Theatre
what is Private's country of origin?
Where is Ministry of the Interior located?
What is theme song on The Bridge?
What was the name of the producer of I Told You So?
what is publisher of Willow
name the manufacturer of Glimepiride 4 tablet?
What is category of Singer?
what is Zenit's place of origin
What is the mascot's name for Century High School
mention the genre of Earth Opera?
subject of The Annunciation?
Who is soundtrack composer of Cats & Dogs
Name of creator of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
which electronic product is supported by Nokia Lumia 530?
What is Python's manufacturer
Which is architecture style for Cumberland Presbyterian Church
What is spin off of Little Big Shots
state the action that must be clicked on to view details about Departure?
Which is the outflow for Lake of Bays
What mountain range is Fremont Peak in
who are lyrists for Firebringer
List of movies directed by David Harris
what was the rating of Highway to Hell?
list of movies that Ben Crowe was in
who is writer to Harrison Bergeron?
what is the position of Adnan Barakat on the team?
which agency is under the jurisdiction of Faroe Islands?
What is stadium name for Red Boys Differdange
what is the text describing a brief about Water?
What is genre of Shikar
Which is the maintainer of Stansted Mountfitchet?
State the name of the recurring event which is a part of Canadian Idol?
specify which soundtrack belongs to For Richer or Poorer
Stony Brook has what type of sports team?
What is name of Primary Colors's executive producer
Active ingredient for TussiCaps
Who is ship builder for HMS Usk
who is creator of Eon
What is Cheap Trick's album
Canned Heat's concert tour
who is music composer of Want?
What is stadium name for Penn Quakers?
Name the classification of Macaroni
What was the name of the album prior to Acceptance Speech?
What is manufacturer of Apocalypse
Which is spin off for MasterChef
who are Dennis Smith's children?
state the price list of NoteWorthy Composer
state the name of the book what corresponds to Disordered
government agency that manages St. Peter's Cathedral?
Who authored Ham Gravy?
What is Frederic Remington High School's district
Which track had Marc Gordon as the producer?
What is the ethnic group Christopher Williams belongs to?
what is genre of Mais Voc锚?
what is park of Balder?
state the subject of ?
On the team, what is the position of Sam Cox?
spectral type of Chiron
what is country of origin of Soyuz?
Name one of the season of Parenthood?
Specify which soundtrack belongs to Clash of the Titans
name a character from Sonny Boy?
who is the author related to Jessica Priest?
who is story contributor for The Watcher?
Which is the outflow location of Walker Lake
Kipp Spirit College Prep's rank
What was the book editions published by David Gilbert?
What is the field of study covered in Icarus?
which team is XX's winning team
which organization presents Bavarian Film Awards?
Where is Ellerbach's mouth
What was the name of the engineer who worked on Paradiso?
Who is director for Private Lives
who is designer to Okeechobee High School?
What is the major cities connected by A9 highway
The Good Life is influenced by whom?
Who is executive producer of Our Town
Who is creator of Guardian
what is star system Aegir?
What type of binding is Demon Unleashed's cover?
Who directed You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown
specify the name of the computer software which contains Xojo
4K Video Downloader is of what version?
What was the name of the comic book character created by Arthur Adams?
Name the album next, after Rewind
Movies produced by Madison Lee?
mention the price list of CherryPlayer
what is competition won by Troon
where was Marketplace produced?
Where did Living with the Dead originate?
What is the name of the character from Dangerous Lady?
who is doctoral advisor of Peter Doherty?
one of the games in Emergency?
what is Silver's chemical series?
What is FC Bayern Munich's competition won?
Name the type of descriptor Sorcerer is
who is recording artist of Anomie?
What is city near Balsam Lake
What was the name of the event that preceded Women's Javelin Throw?
what is the action that must be done to view the menu of Akira online?
which is asterism for Orion's Belt?
specify the name of the developer of Comanche?
What is stadium name for Tampa Bay Hawks
Name of place where Bernard Williams was born?
State the scope of Conservative Party in which it operates
the I Remember is of what subject?
what is the highest grade taught in College of Saint Elizabeth?
What is the soundtrack of Paranoia?
State the position of Jordan Taylor
what is St. Mary's Catholic Church's type of place of worship?
what language is used for Anaconda?
Sorbitol's pregnancy category?
Specify which soundtrack belongs to The Jungle Book?
What is art work in Portrait of Madame Ginoux (L'Arlesienne)
what is art period of The Sisters?
Who is Final Fantasy IV's designer?
sequel for Sabre Wulf
St. Joseph is named after whom
what is the habitat for Meta?
What is district of Lake Shore Middle School
Who is tv program creator for The Block
Who is an author related to Michael Stone?
One of These Days's cinematographer?
Builder of The Pinnacle
what is fight song of Virginia Tech Hokies?
Who or what is Smith named after
What is the sound track of Merrily We Roll Along?
Name the location that is partially contained by Black Mesa? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
what is sequel to Jumanji
Who is publisher of Willow
which is Texas State Bobcats's conference?
What is location for Elgin Bridge
who was the letterer of Dexter?
Who is producer of Fatal?
what is rating for Cry-Baby
What is name of Eve Out of Her Ruins's author
what is Lake Nicaragua's art genre?
Where did Wasted Youth originate?
Who is architect of Woodland Cemetery
Who is soundtrack composer of The Comedians
what is the original language for What Am I?
Mountain range of Birkenberg
What is location for Fremont Bridge?
What is spectral type for Vega?
What type of genre is Fatal Flaw
who is Galivan's publisher?
what is Hydrogen's chemical series
what is name of Mus茅e d'Orsay's museum director?
Directors of The Mikado
Which is mpaa rating True Blue
Where is place of birth of Susan where does Susan born
where is judicial capital for Putnam
What is the name of the district election of nt?
What the names of comic books written by Hiroshi Takahashi?
Who is director of The Wild Duck?
What type of binding is 8-Bit Player H8's cover?
under which category does Callisto come?
Name of Belle's parent
Which is architectural style of Royal Theatre
Dr. No's film
What is city by Horseshoe Lake
To which literary series did Watson, John R. (John Reay) contribute?
what is place of origin of Rhode Island Red
What is the sport played by Peter May?
what language is used for Kepler?
what is the creative work about The Crimean War?
name the event that preceded Men's Long Jump?
Where is TV6 located?
What is the name of the film in which Geoffrey appears?
who is author of Runaways?
lyrists of Back to the Future
Fillmore is named after whom?
name the artwork by Andrea G贸mez?
what type of habitat does Zona live in?
at which place was Roland incorporated?
What is the name of the album that consists Mama
What is name of art director of Chocolat
what is the cataloged value of Rocky Mountain National Park?
what is the original language for Curiosity?
Name the organization that has hobart?
Which is spin off of Rebelde
State the genre of For the Love of Mike
who is creator of Firebird
Who is director of Serious Money
Where did Kalki originate?
Which award was won by OBE?
what is music scale for Drop the World?
the mountain range of Taylor Pass
What is Man in the Dark's production company
Who is casting director for The Door
what was the rating of Poetic Justice?
Hindsight's cinematographers
who is Take Five's composer?
Paul Jones studied in which location?
what must be done to play music of Punchline?
what type of campus does Ridgeview High School have?
What is place of birth of Bob Reed?
What are the languages used to create the source code of Bolt?
What is place of birth for Bethany Platt
Will they make a sequel to The Snow Queen
Name the album next, after Porgy and Bess
What is the basin country of Archer
what is genre for Space Pirates
which company is game developer for Transformers?
What is stadium name for Marist Red Foxes?
State the name of the album prior to Reloaded
what is religion for St. James Church
Government agency that manages Riverview?
Motorola 68000 belongs to which family of processors?
What is the field of study covered in Astrobiology?
what movies has Michael Franks produced?
what is breed of Dog?
Bahrain is the legislature of which reginal government?
State the position of David Perkins
what is musical scale of Beautiful Girls
which is language of Mozart?
name who was Kennedy influenced by
What does Belinda orbit around
what is fight song of Michigan Wolverines?
What is the name of the video which teaches how to make Bittersweet Chocolate Sorbet?
Who is Banished's writer
Which is architectural style of BAPS Shri Swaminarayan Mandir?
Where did Twisted Souls originate?
Director for 1776
what is International League's sport
are they making a sequel to McArthur
Texas Tech University has what type of sports team?
What is musical scale of Piano Quintet
Who is director for Much Ado About Nothing
Orbada is in which computer software?
What was the langage Bon Voyage was primarily released in?
Religion in Temple Beth-El
what is rated for Wingman?
what is Princess's famous saying?
What is HMS Dorsetshire's ship class
which city contains John Marshall?
what criminal act did Andr茅 Thomas commit?
What is Glacier Peak's mountain range
Who is architect for All Souls Church
One of games bolonging to Darkstalkers
manufacturers of Chinook?
Where did Henry Simpson pass away?
who is publisher of Robo Army
who is contractor of The Diamond
the creator of Abraham Lincoln?
what are the organisms of Coyote?
What movies did Scott Murray direct
Who is director for Timon of Athens
state the scope of Coalition in which it operates?
where did Paul Brown pass away?
Who is founder of Zeeko
librettist of The Saracen?
Disclosure was shot at which place?
State the keyword that corresponds to Hannah Arendt
which mountain range is Cottonwood Pass located?
state the name of the track of Cry No More
What is the name of the video which teaches how to make Pecan Pie
Gears of War's sequel?
what is Mika's quote?
Who is athens named for?
what are olympic games hosted at heidelberg?
what was the march of Militia?
Playback is of which program?
who is designer for HMS Suffolk
Where is place of birth of Stuart Fletcher?
Who is architect for Bank of Italy Building
one of the games in Lotus
which track was engineered by Ian Thomas?
What is the name of the video which teaches how to make Jelly?
Who is tv program creator for Otherworld?
Name of place where Abdul Kadir was born?
Which is color of Hutchinson High School
engineers of High Level Bridge?
What is type of Twin?
Kerberos's star system?
What is the name of the film in which Flicker appears?
Director for I'm Not Rappaport
what is a criminal act comitted by John Martin?
What is spin off for Marketplace
what is the step to be taken to play Montrose?
state the language used on Constellations?
What is the name of the final edited version of The Liquidator?
How is Larry classified?
What was responsible for the death of Gerald Chapman?
what division is South Dakota Coyotes in
what is island of Persian Gulf?
to read Asunder which action is required?
What company owns Pravda
what are major cities at Leicester Square
What is the name of the place The Gentlemen originated from?
Who is Wild Blood's script writer
which is rating for Living the Life?
what is the character at Angel of Better Days to Come
What is city by Sydney Harbour
Gears of War settings
what department does Wheaton College have?
Religion of First Congregational Church?
Where did The South originate?
which is Mick Leahy's first ascent
Wht is the postal code used in Lagrange?
what is place of origin Rank
state the text describing the bried about It's a Small World?
Name the program created by Roger Price?
who is music artist for Hegel?
What are species of Angela
Name the album prior to Elohim
State the type of The Oaks Academy is
who is writer for A Deadly Fish Tail: A Liz Ogilvie-Smythe Cozy Mystery
what is the terminuse for Sunbeam?
The Days Before's cinematographers
Battleground is participated by which person?
star in Lynx?
organization for Trauma
Restless Spirits's works?
what is the launch site for Vega
What is the version of GimPhoto?
which computer videogame corresponds to Bishi Bashi Special?
What is the classification of Mill House?
voice of Ronald Lewis?
What is famous adaptation for Frankenstein?
what is genre for book Absolute Love
architect style for William Kent?
In which position does Clifton Smith play?
Who are parents of Margaret Mitchell
what the name of the album of David James
Kick Off 3: European Challenge's platform
Which city does Melbourne City represent?
What is the name of one of the season of Wife Swap?
What is the star sign of Patrick White?
Jon Gruden is of which program?
Who is owner of The Phoenix?
what is Laurence Olivier Award's category
what is the audio pertaining to The Christmas List?
Dai's government type
who is Zeppelin's founder?
who are composers of A Christmas Story: The Musical?
What is the scope of Piratpartiet in which it operates?
what is Voyager 1's manufacturer
What is the next album after Waves?
what type of campus is Orono High School?
What is capital city of Chobanids
What is periodic table block of Copper?
What is the name of the district election of Lindsay?
state the name of the album prior to Super?
Director for Privates on Parade
name an edition of Deadlight?
What is sport of Montesilvano
weight division of Jack Doyle
Name the album prior to Saints and Sinners
state the name of the author related to Chris Jones?
Interpretation is for which field of study?
What is the platform for Cannon Fodder
The Blackhouse is followed by whom?
Mention the instruction to prepare Spicy Turkey Tacos
What was the name of the album prior to Alfie?
Athena's launch site?
What was the name of the event that preceded Men's Featherweight?
Which is school color for Marian High School
who is founder of UEX Corporation
name the organisms of Cortana?
What is the ranking of the genre of Mahananda?
HMS Hermes's builder&
name the product related to Pandora's Box?
what kind of descriptor is Singularity?
who is manufacturer for Falcon 1?
Who is tv program creator for Cheers
Body of water spanned Victoria Bridge
state the manufactured form of Cefoxitin 2 powder for injectable solution?
manufacturer for iPad?
What is executive producer of Desperate Hours
What is prequel for Ceremony?
In which place did John Knott die?
where did Robert Vance pass away?
which is religion founded by Saint Paul
name an edition of Cast of Thousands?
What is Wolves of the Calla's prequel?
the name of Journey to the Center of the Earth's artist?
what is Pontikonisi's body of water?
what is the musical composition that was recorded on Radio?
Performer is in which computer software?
what is Edgar's language?
Who is director for Side Show
what is the range for Skyline Trail?
state the subdomain of John Hughes
Name the album prior to Wired
what type of story is A Yoga Journal?
which election occured for Huntingdon?
where is place of birth for Flint?
what type of a memory card is supported by Nokia Lumia 530?
What is Mauritius's sport
name the episode directed by Paul Johnson
List of every movie directed by Peter Moore?
what is place of origin of Italian Greyhound
Name the album prior to Throwback, Vol. 1
What language do most people speak in Belize
what is manufacturer of Helios
Name the type of descriptor Andy is
What was responsible for the death of Frank Ryan?
Sarah Taylor's batting stats
Mention the name of the country in which Cefazolin 10 injection is available
Where is place of birth for Phil Adams?
what is a criminal act comitted by Harold Jones?
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Leap Year
what is the album after Nude?
William Hudson created what character?
Who influenced Tom Scott?
what is launch site for Kepler?
name the language spoken fluently by Ben Morgan?
Who is director for Little Me
who is tv program creator of Slam Dunk?
what is manufacturer of Omid
which electronic product is supported by LG G6?
In which country is Grabovac located?
The Getaway's casting director
What is th position on the team of Andy Russell?
Where did The End of All Things originate?
Name the place Aion originated
What are the languages used in Duel?
which person of organization is resposible for Oliver?
What is the name of the organization that has Spain?
person who owns Torque?
Denim is using which fiber?
What is name of The Weekend's casting director
who is script writer for My Story
what is Antares's place of origin
what is the education school of Inspector Morse
What is form of composition of Lady in Black
Which html layout engine was included in SeaMonkey ?
In which country is Liberal Democrats located?
What was the name of the event that preceded The Ultimate Tour?
what is Water Lilies's art work?
For which issue was KT?
What is movie that has Anthony Boone
Type of government for Roman Republic
what is James Daly's famous saying
how does Wakefield School rank
What is Ray Hamilton's role on football team?
in which short story would you find Perses?
State the language that The Guardians was primarily released in
what is Graham's launch site
Who directed A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum
specify the link on which Whatever She's Got can be played
What is the action that must be done to view the menu of The Granary online?
What is the name of the march for 4th Guards Brigade?
who owns Nashville?
what is included as a part of King of the Ring?
Who is director of The Skriker
What is the art genre of St. Sebastian
What is birth place of George Washington?
Who is reponsible for influencing Change?
Is there gonna be a sequel to King Rat?
Name the language used in Aurora
What is location of Congress Street Bridge
What is prequel of Book of the Dead
What was the name of the first release of Seniors?
what city was Holiday Inn founded
name the domain of Michael Porter
what is well known Cruiser's ship
where was Mr. President produced?
cinematographer of Things?
what is the mascot's name of Notre Dame Fighting Irish?
Who are the followers of Mondo Topless?
who is ABC Monday Night Football's developer?
Who is owner for Catholic Standard
which is inflow source of Half Moon Lake
What is specie for Eve
name one of the season of Romance?
what is organization founded by Marcos Marin?
What is popular adaptation for Paths of Glory
what is the name of the game played on Windows Embedded Compact?
What is musical scale for Symphony No. 9
what is Space Hulk's place of origin
star system of Venus
what are Phobos's species
what is Christmas's quote?
who is vice president for John Quincy Adams?
what is the game participated by Chris Mueller?
Name the place OneManArmy originated?
what must be clicked to watch Bigger?
what is Kyn's pregnancy risk?
Directors of Henry VIII
who is author for The Executioner
What was the instrument played by Thao?
what is the name of Slovakia's team captain
Oliver Hill's architect style
what is the platform of Power Strike II (Master System)
what is the action that must be taken to make a reservation at Mariposa?
name the language used in Monterey?
What are all movies that Brian Daly has been in
What is manufacturer for Space Mountain
which company developed Integrity?
What is Midnight Club: Los Angeles's genre
what is Eastern Washington Eagles's mascot name?
What was the name of the event that took place after On with the Show?
Who is the set designer of Youth?
Person who owns Boston Bulldogs
name the event held in Rocketown
What is the setting in Birthright?
what movies has Eric Clark produced
in which short story did Sasha appear?
What is the consumer product under Chanel?
Save Our Spirit can be downloaded on which page?
what is Windfall's art period
what is Calumet's bridge
What is manufacturer for Runaway Train?
name the country in which Ear 3/12/3/12/3/12/3/12/12/12 liquid is available
What is sport of Lafayette Leopards
who is Laurence Olivier Award's winner
name the program of The Glades
what division is Washington Nationals in?
who is The Times's owner
who is ship builder for HMS Devonshire
Who is director of The Trip to Bountiful
What series does The Reaper belong to
What is the category of Ferdinand?
what is family of Piccolo
State the name of the album prior to 99%
Who is Roosevelt named for?
what is Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles's mascot name
what is the ranking of Leggett Elementary School
What all movies did David Koch play in?
what is the range for Amba?
Which is architecture company of Devon Tower
What was the name of the location in which Buildings was held?
who is tv program creator of Mutant League
which is martial art of Ricardo Delgado
state the rating of Shocker on Shock Street?
launch vehicle for ASTRO?
who supported Steve Taylor ?
Director for Spunk
what was invention that had 3-D interconnected multi-layer microstructure of thermoplastic materials?
What type is Maple Street Magnet School for the Arts?
what is Jack Ryan's education school
Who is lyricist of The Fortune Teller
name the event that took place after Women's Lightweight Double Sculls?
Pentaho developed which software?
what must be clicked to watch The Commitments?
What was the set location of The Game
what is the cataloged value of A Harlot's Progress?
is there gonna be a sequel to If You Could See Me Now?
what is star of Mira
Who is director of Cymbeline?
which is Pollux's constellation
which university inludes University of Belgrade?
Who is director of Monster
What city was Dominion founded?
what is William Pitt's ship class
What does Io orbit around?
what all movies did Benny Williams play in?
What is the subdomain of John Mitchell?
What is place of burial of Thomas Scott?
What is the name of the organization that has Washington
Which is position in football of Ed Brown
what city was Saab founded?
Who are lyrics writers of Only the Young
Who is director of The Sunshine Boys
What is specie of Clarke Griffin
What is the cataloged value of The Last Tycoon?
What is island group of Grande-Terre
state the manufactured form of Aspergillus repens 20000 injectable solution?
name one of the season of He Said, She Said?
who was the issuer of Infosys?
Who is publisher of Batman: Arkham VR
State the position of Johan Larsson
Name the creative work about National Historic Site
where is Galaxy Express's launch site?
name of architect of Christ Episcopal Church?
On the team, what is the position of Radim Nečas?
Why is Harry Hill known?
the first release of Amen was known by what name?
What is one of the seasons of Mahabharat?
What is the next album after Field Trip?
Will they make a sequel to Blindsight
what is the program that belongs to Southland?
who is the manufacturer of Topiramate 200 film coated tablet?
What is the album after Talking Book?
The name of the mascot of East Central High School
What is inflow source for Lily Lake
which is spin off of Valentina?
What is the sport played by Vladimir Denisov?
In which place did William Gordon die?
State the name of the album prior to Delilah
Where did Facta originate?
What is adaptation of Stella Dallas?
rome is named after whom
What is production company of Great Expectations
which is religion founded by George Fox
What is name of place where Tom Kristensen was born?
What is star system at Mizar?
what is Trinity Lutheran Church's type of place of worship
in which place did Frederick Hammersley die?
name the language used in Michelle
Who is The Firefly's director
Who is casting director of The Falling
which computer videogame corresponds to LMA Manager
Who is art director for Paradise Lost
what is Liga MX's sport
What is school district for Germantown Elementary School
Name the location that is partially contained by Mount Tripyramid? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
specify the action that is required to read Gator Bait
State the gender of Kim Roberts?
what is theme song of Eight is Enough
Platforms of The Red Strings Club
What is Mateo Morrison's birth place
To which genre does Heritage Radio belong?
name the film for which Robert Howland is the set designer
name the location at which Exits and Entrances was held
what is ability of Lionheart?
what is star system for Alcyone
what type of campus is West Springfield High?
which is football division of North Carolina A&T Aggies?
Who are Dylan's parents?
What is the rating for In the Pink
David Lloyd writes what comic book story?
which is central processing unit of Apple II?
What is stadium name for Northern Districts?
St. John's Cathedral's managements?
What are the written work of Kevin Welch?
what are Warlord's settings
What is launch site of Genesis II?
Who is story contributor of My Friends
What is the gender of James House?
what is appearance of Hector?
What is the nationality of Alan Anderson?
which book edition was illustrated by David Martin?
who is related to Discworld?
what is place of origin for Trivial Pursuit?
what is the original language for Proverbs
Which is rated for Conviction
where was Moist published?
Who is owner of The Mercury
who are the composers for I Dreamed a Dream?
Name the country Mitchell Peak is located in?
State the name of the album prior to Thunderball
Where did The Exiles originate?
who is discoverer of Silicon?
which program was created by World Music?
What is specie for Cell
What is genre for book Katwalk
Who is Millennium Tower's contractor
what is Gunplay's publisher
what is Falcon 1's place of origin?
what is the subject matter of John Rawls?
Who is art director of The Shaft
what is Wakefield School's district
which team is V's winning team?
what medicine is included in Pinta?
What is place of birth of Sean Harris?
What is name of creator of Enlil
Grover Cleveland High School's mascot
what is the ship class of HMS Furious
Where is Clifford Williams's place of birth?
Peter Johnson produced films?
what is artwork in Dana毛?
St. Michael's Cathedral was designed by what architectural firm?
Name the album prior to Sehnsucht
what is Washington State Cougars's conference
Alchemist was the publisher of which game?
What is Blair High School's rank
what is the lowest grade taught in Roycemore School?
What was the program created by Danny Thomas?
What is genre of Looney Tunes
What is the gender of Ricky Bell?
What was the previous issue of Darth Maul called?
What type of a campus does St. John's Preparatory School have?
Who is casting director for The Dreamers
which is spin off of Midweek?
HMS Anson's builder&
in which film does Charlie Rogers appear in?
Who is designer of Sherman Building
Please show one of the episodes of Psycho?
what is synopsis of Poison?
Who is Fillmore named for?
Where is Constitutional Party located?
who is writer for Love?
Movie art directors of The Wedding
in Steve Harley, who performed?
What is adaptation of The Apartment
What was the program created by Michael Jacobs?
what are teams in Guinea-Bissau
State the name of Messiah
Twin Lakes is recommended to be used in which season?
Who or what is Walker named after?
what is the ethnic group John Elliott belongs to?
What is color for Riverdale High School
who is the maintainer of Lancaster?
What stadium does Rider Broncs play
in which country is Fluconazole 150 tablet available in?
what is the religion of Alex Dewar?
What is the genre of Hammered?
name an edition of Civilization?
Directors of Lebensraum
What is St. Mark's Episcopal Church's type of place of worship
What is manufacturer of Angara
who is the letterer of Paradigm?
what are comics published of Plume
name the language radio ffn is in
A list of movies with Diane Peterson in them
What is place of birth for Frank Ryan?
what is George Gardner's appearance
What was the name of the album prior to Time Exposure?
What is the subject of Be My Baby?
state the domain of Martin Taylor?
Where are outflow locations of Long Lake
Who is director of A New Brain
What is the name of the book that corresponds to Beep, Beep?
what is Batman: The Ride's theme
In which country is Pumi spoken in?
Who is art director in Gloomy Sunday
which sport is played by Douglas Murray?
Director for Mary Stuart
who is Korea's captain?
Miostat is used for
Specify the nationality of Lucien Heath?
Who is director of Harvey
who is the lyricist for Lamb of God
Which is Anderson Lake's inflow source
What are the organization which has springfield?
what is school color for Oxley College
What is architectural style for Montgomery Ward Building
what is genre for Willow
buildings desinged by Finland
government agency that manages War Office?
What is executive producer of To Dance with the White Dog
who created Gideon?
Who is Gimhae International Airport's operator
What is Lepenica's mouth
designer for Rita
Marriage of Convenience's composer?
Who are governing bodies of Idlewild
state the name of the book what corresponds to Damnatio Memoriae
who coauthored with Timothy Taylor?
what type of a memory card is supported by BLU Vivo Selfie?
Where is place of death for Jimmy James
who is art director in The Closet?
field of study for John Bell
what is music scale in Roadhouse Blues
James Franklin's batting stats
Who is script writer for Spud
which computer videogame corresponds to Mr. Driller: Drill Land?
who is the director of Beyond?
What is the name of the march for Train Regiment?
What is the platform on which Arkansas School for the Blind runs?
specify the link on which Goodbye Girl can be played
Louisiana State University-Eunice has what type of sports team?
What is the star sign of Carlo Ponti?
state the name of the social network profile of Double Shot?
Name of place where Abdurahman Al-Rashidi was born
TweetDeck is in which computer software?
what is Glenwood High School's school district
state the action used to request the location of Adventure Island?
What is religion for St. Patrick's Church?
who is the creator of The Apparition?
state the rating of Room and Board?
name a magazine in Money
state the genre of Mark Evans?
what is founder of Info's
Who is director of First Lady Suite?
what is city by Lake Iij盲rvi?
what is the runner up of 2016鈥?7 Ligue 1?
What is the price list of Performer?
Which is architecture style of Wayne County Courthouse
which conference does South Carolina State Bulldogs belong to?
Where did The Calling originate?
what is canonical brand name for Tiopronin
Stargate has what universe character?
What is name of place where Delano Hill was born
who is the inventor of Fuel cell
which fictional universe is Blandings Castle related to?
Who is director of Honour
which is Regulus's constellation?
What is the mascot's name of Thomas Jefferson High School
what are Chip's species
State the religion followed by Jigme Dorji Wangchuck
name the person of organization which is responsible for Just So Stories
what is HMS Tamar's built place?
state Christian art's reveiws?
what is Sandy's releasing company
Who is Luisa Sanfelice's story contributor
Who is architect for Randolph County Courthouse
what is power for Eon?
what department does Duke University have?
what are comics published of Avon
What is the language DM Radio is in?
what was the final cut of Goon called?
What is power for Tempus
state the type of Congregation B'nai Israel is?
Who is director of The Judas Kiss
What is the optical drive that is included with ASUS W90VP?
Where did Kaleidoscope originate?
John Wright's batting stats?
what is body of water for Hermite
How to get around within Folkestone
what is George Washington's place of birth?
Kay Kendall published which editions of the book?
what is body of water for Assumption?
what does The Tuileries Gardens belong to?
editors of The Dawn
What is appearance of Bert
Where is judicial capital for Richmond
Mention the identifier for Oaxaca .
organization of Artemis?
What is the gender of Shipwreck?
Which is Mirror Lake's outflow?
What is aircraft type of Concorde
What are the languages used in Annie Oakley?
sequel of Dragon Quest Heroes: Rocket Slime
Which is Accused's rating?
What is Benji's specie
which fictional universe is Mars related to?
List of movies that Christian Ambrose was in
what is Black Arrow's country of origin?
What was the langage Unremembered was primarily released in?
Branch of armed force of 83rd Infantry Division
Who is director for Carousel
What was the name of the album prior to Chapter II?
What is architecture style for St. Nicolas Church?
where was Ivory shot at?
Name the zodiac sign of Sean Williams
what is genre of Small Faces?
What is sport for Northwestern State Demons
Which competition has an award type of Kabaddi?
Who patented Osteopontin-related compositions and methods
Trinidad and Tobago is the legislature of which reginal government?
What is ride type of Innoventions
Where is Hidden Lake's outflow location
Which track had Naomi as the producer?
Director for The Rainmaker
What is the calendar system to which June 22 belongs
What is the name of the activity that corresponds to Crescent Lake?
movies Chris Barnes has produced?
Puzz Loop's sequel
name of place where Billy Idol was born?
What is Spirou et Fantasio's publisher?
what is Top Intelligent Community of the Year's category?
what is Bell's manufacturer
What is the highest education level taught in School 2?
what city was Saravah founded?
the mountain range for Chinook Pass
What is body of water of King Island?
Where is George Burns burial place?
In the Heat of the Night's cinematographers
composer of Kwamina?
name who was Jimmy Kimmel influenced by
which is invention for John Barber?
what was the march of Philippine Air Force?
Name of creator of The Mask
Misha contributed to which literary series?
who is The Sibiu Crucifixion made by
Which is mpaa rating for Bad Company
Who is the cover artist for Kill Now, Pay Later?
What is the former name for Pittsburgh Pirates?
Who are governing bodies of New Market
Where did The Ophelias originate?
what is Tony Bell's field of study
Where is the place of death of Lamont Young?
where is the place of cremation for Peter Sellers
Wordless's editors
mountain ranges of One Tree Hill?
state where The Collected Stories was published?
Which is rating of Reds
name the program of The Graham Norton Show
what are the games that run on Amiga?
What is prequel for Jet Set Willy II: The Final Frontier
Who is story contributor of The Sleeping Beauty
Body of water that Chamberlain Bridge crosses
What is the ranking of the genre of Lombardi?
what is adaptation of Whose Life is it Anyway?
What was the location at which Before the Dawn occured?
Name the director of Ruby Slippers
What was the review on Roll?
Whih city is represented by Atlanta Beat?
Who is art director in The Black Robe
who was the illustration artist of All of the Above?
What is captain's name for North Korea
state the genre of The School of Rock?
which is rated for Night of the Living Dead
engineer of Brooklyn Bridge?
name the school located in Hawkins?
Who is in charge of casting for Lift
Who is art director of The Orphanage
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to The Matrix?
who produced Mistake?
Who is tv program creator of Second City Television
Name the location that is partially contained by Eungbongsan? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What is regions for Koro
What is sport of Buffalo Bulls
What is the lower rank of Genus?
what is rated of The Secret Garden?
who supported London After Midnight?
Who is Cash Cab's tv program creator
who influenced Flashmob?
Who is the composer for The Rhythm Club?
What is the name of the film in which Alecto appears?
what is the ship type for Topper?
What is profession of Jim Kent?
Who is director for Side Man
state where Beside Still Waters: Searching for Meaning in an Age of Doubt was published?
name the organisms of Sus?
What is the type of Community Savings?
Barry Johnson won which award?
what is Dragon Quest Heroes: Rocket Slime's prequel?
what the name of the album of Sina?
What is famous adaptation for The Guardsman?
To make a reservation at Della, what is the action that must be taken?
what is the setting of Harry Potter?
What mascot is for Delta High School
what is Lana Lang's education school?
Which is the maintainer of Elephant & Castle?
What is district of San Jose High School
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Conan the Barbarian
what is prequel of In Love
What is the name of the person who coauthored with John Hughes?
Who or what is Rayleigh named after?
What was the name of the album prior to Naked Truth?
What is prequel for Star Wars: Battlefront II?
Who is the editor of Rapture?
What is the name of the end of Beverly Hills?
State what made Paul Young famous
what type of campus does Liberty County High School have?
which is VB 10's constellation
who coauthored with Robert Rosenthal?
Which is mpaa rating The Rookie
what must be done to play music of Train?
state Even's reveiws?
what is Golden Sun's setting
Madison Elementary School's managements?
What is genre for NCAA March Madness
who is creator of The World Is Still Beautiful?
name the sequel of Camera?
What is genre of Pokémon Omega Ruby?
engine types of C-17 Globemaster III
Who built St. Marks?
subject of The Suicide
What is spectral type for Pollux?
What is the name of the track of Forget Him?
702 Punchlines and Pregnant: The Jackie Mason Musical's lyricist
launch vehicle for Polyus
State the name of the person who influenced Andrey Markov?
Architect for Kress Building was who
What is conference for Oral Roberts Golden Eagles
Name the album prior to Live at the Greek Theatre
what type of campus is Monash University?
What is the name of the manufacturer of Galantamine 12 film coated tablet?
what are major cities at Merrion Square
Mimeograph was first made by who?
which is language of Savitri?
What is the highest grade taught in Andrews Academy
what is aircraft for Mitsubishi A6M Zero
What is the position of Jonas on the team?
what is mission of Pluto?
What was responsible for the death of Robert Webber?
which is architectural style of Hampton Court
what game is published by Columbia?
What is Three Sisters's mountain range
Mention the language that Veer Savarkar was primarily released in
who is Mont Sainte-Victoire made by?
What is the name of the person or organization which is responsible for Clean Sweep?
What is the content of Culture?
in which market was South Dakota School of Mines sold?
The Creature of the Night is of what subject?
what type of a memory card is supported by Samsung Galaxy Note?
what the name of the album of John O'Connor
what is Golden Boy's award category?
Temple Israel's religion?
What military conflict was Benjamin Brown deployed?
What does Blue Bridge span
What is award category of Prix Aurora Award?
Who was the set designer of Oh Lucy!?
who is the parent of John Reed?
What is one of the seasons of Tere Sheher Mein?
What is executive producer of Joan of Arc
what is manufacturer of Polar?
what is Theodore Roosevelt Elementary School's ranking
Where can Casting Shadows be purchased online?
Name the author of Orange Basil Chops
Name the sequel of Trouble in Mind
Name the classification of Matilda
where is Zenit's launch site?
HMS Spartan's ship class
What is the position of Fred Jones?
What type is Oehrli Elementary School?
in which continents is Tarok spoken in?
what is regions for Are
Mirror, Mirror corresponds to which season?
what is launch vehicle for Sputnik 3?
What time zone is Spring Hill in right now
state the preferred webpage of Booker?
Canada is the legislature of which reginal government?
Too which city does Erie belong?
What is Ben Feldman's place of birth?
who is musical artists for Young Galaxy?
Name the album next, after Beautiful World
Name the language used in Back to Life
what is Dark Victory's summary?
What was the name of the first release of Love & Basketball?
Who is soundtrack composer for The Optimists
Who directed Shockheaded Peter
Which championship does New Mexico Lobos win?
what are teams in Spain
What is Cubs's genre
Where is Les Reed's place of birth?
name of captain for Great Britain
What is team owned for Republic of Iraq?
what is the ranking of Uplift Mighty School?
which track was engineered by Klute?
state the name of the version of Boyfriend
State the name of the album prior to Visage
what is the space agency of Sally Ride
films written by Ronald Goldman?
Which is spin off of The Worst Witch
What is one of the seasons of Murder in the Heartland?
which app has Visual C++?
name of vice president of Warren Harding?
Bahrain's government type?
What is the star sign of Michael Chiesa?
state the ranking of the genre of Do Not Disturb
State the position of John White
where did Thomas Grey pass away?
What is place of birth of Mikko Niemi
where was Over the Edge produced?
what is the mascot's name of University of North Florida?
what is color at North High School
State the name of the album prior to Slippery When Wet
state where Izaak Walton was published?
what is city by Twin Lakes?
who is creator of Warlord
What is place of birth of Anne Donovan?
Movie art directors of Rio Grande
What is the ranking of the genre of In the Closet?
What is Moved Permanently's concert tour?
who is academic advisor to David Wales?
Who is executive producer for National Geographic
Where did All the Light We Cannot See originate?
Mention the name of the character from Fairy Tale
who wrote Maps
What is the classification of Mahler?
What aviation accident was Mitsubishi A6M Zero involved in?
who is discoverer of Potassium
what is popular practitioner of Karate
What is the subdomain of Michael Porter?
What is the name of the final edited version of Valencia?
what are teams at West High School?
name the director of Joy?
What type is Lafayette County High School?
Mention the name of the country in which Hydrocortisone 20 tablet is available?
Dork Diaries - 101 Amazing Facts You Didn't Know: #1 Fun Facts & Trivia Tidbits is published by who?
Director for Butley
one of episodes of Psychic Detectives
Who are governing bodies of United States Post Office and Courthouse
Which was the conflict August Schmidt deployed to?
What is famous adaptation for Dragon Ball?
which is spin off of Dateline?
JkDefrag works on what operating system?
state the scope of Saab in which it operates?
What type of habitat does Sora live in?
Directors of Return to the Forbidden Planet
which video shows how to make Martini?
Who is architect to Trinity Episcopal Cathedral
What is the mascot name for London High School
what is architectural style for Commercial Building?
what diseases does Rubella prevent
What is the mascot of Walton High School?
what is The Sisters made out of
what is Esther made from
What is the name of the game played on Microsoft Silverlight?
Which award was won by John D'Arcy?
what is the mascot's name for Saint Peter's Peacocks?
Morris created what character?
Which operating system does Lenovo ThinkCentre M58P 7479 run on?
What is sport for Kenya
who is script writer for Lone
What is the name of the character from Carrion Comfort?
Which is a cut version for The Informant ?
Films produced by Mark Miller?
names of Batman's characters
What is city near Silver Lake
Which championship does Providence Friars win?
Detective can be downloaded on which page?
What was the name of the sequel of Lost Worlds?
Who is music director for Cubs
What is the download page on which BlackJack can be downloaded?
what does Europa orbit?
which company developed Singularity?
who is Mexico's Next Top Model's winner?
What is type of Model E
which rank is higher than Variety's rank?
State the language used in Dancing in the Dark
mention the name of the character from The Touch
Name the market in which Pinball Fantasies is sold?
Name the conflict at which George Montagu was deployed?
Holy Trinity Orthodox Church's religion?
who is author for New Beginnings
What movies has Ben Hicks produced
Uturunku's mountain range
What is the postcode of Buckow?
Who is the developer of Windows XP Media Center Edition?
who is contractor of Soul
name the strctured serving size of Cheesecake?
on which operating system does ASUS N56VM run?
What is team for Mike Martin?
Who is music composer of Reconstruction
which event preceded Women's Moguls?
What is name of director of Their Last Love Affair
Name the type of Clyde High School
what is the education background of Bobby Brown?
Hallett Peak is located in which country?
In which country is MindSpring located?
What is organization founded by Erik Anderson
Who is manufacturer of Samson
What are Shieldon's species
Name the artist who is similar to The Numbers?
what type of award belongs to competition Season 2?
what type of a memory card is supported by Samsung Galaxy S III?
who is librettist of The Fall of the House of Usher
state the name of the child organization of Ywca?
first people to climb Mount Ross
which is conference for Bryant Bulldogs?
Where is home stadia of Louisiana Tech Lady Techsters
who is recording artist of Travelers?
which museum is of Tokyo type?
name the type of Navit
What is the language of Tales?
what is Avalon School's school district?
What is name of place where Wesley John was born?
Best Foods Ltd. is of which industry?
Big House's song
Who directed The Immigrant?
Who was the set desinger for The Quest?
who manufactures Voyager?
what is city by Flathead Lake?
What was the name of the film for which the set deisgner was Jon Savage?
what is the scope of Memorial in which it operates?
what is a comic book of Cliffhanger?
What is birth place of John M. Geddes
mention the genre of Blood Red Shoes
Mention the instruction to prepare Macaroni Ham & Cheese Summertime Salad
name the video showing how to make Sugar Cookies?
What are the statistics of the team which Marcus Jones is in?
What is the rank that is higher than Genus?
who was the illustration artist of Bingo?
Who is publisher of Everybody's Golf
which is the key for Quabbin ?
who is Michael Clayton's script writer
What was the name of the engineer who worked on Xerces?
Who is the person who participated in Natalee Holloway?
name the program created by Kevin Burns?
Who is music director for The Fall of the House of Usher
who is musical artist for Kontraritam?
Who is director for The Liar
which is team for Nevada Smith
Who is director for Crowns
Who is creator for Roulette
mention the language of Lore?
What is birth place of Gurmit Singh?
what is the genre of Axe Cop?
who is the cover artist of The Magic Finger?
What is Young Elementary School's district
Who is director for The Innocents
who is How do dinosaurs get well soon?'s screenwriter
One of recurring event of National Championship?
Who is art director for Shed No Tears
What is the version of AbsoluteTelnet?
What is the genre of Lost for Words?
which is place of birth for Frostbite?
mention the medical speciality of Zafar Iqbal?
What is name of art director of Mademoiselle
What is place of death of John Christensen
specify the name of the developer of Zac Browser?
what is place of first performance of Faust
what is genre of Insane
what is The Art of Painting's art genre?
what is Rosetta's manufacturer?
which are Griswold Lake's outflows
Who is art director for Double Vision
Gaia comes from which fictional universe?
who is Orange, Hat & Grace's composer
St Mary's's religion
What is literary series for Take Me on
Name the type of Whitesville Elementary School
How did Philip really die
who is the lyricist for Kwamina?
what division is Charlotte Hornets in
What is theme song of Skins
what is launch vehicle for F-1
who is museum director for Prince of Wales?
which company is developing company for Delta Force
what is periodic table block for Cobalt
What is sport for Scotland
What is biological classification of Cortana
What is place of origin for Sputnik?
what is character from The Dark Knight Returns
which company developed Windows Vista?
What is sport for Campbell Fighting Camels
name an edition of Comfort Me with Apples?
who is soundtrack composer of Election Day?
star in Taurus?
sound tracks of Merrily We Roll Along?
im which season is Waterrock Knob recomended to be used?
What are teams of Marine?
what is division of Calgary Cowboys?
Name the album prior to Escape
what are the games that run on Adobe Flash Player?
what is the postcode of Caden?
what type of story is Augustine
In which position does Mike Wilson play?
Will they make a sequel to Hunted
What is genre for book Baptism of Fire
what is Backdraft's theme?
on the team, what is the position of Mohamed Zaoui?
Porky's's sequel
What is the language used in Amazing Love?
Hop was shot at which place?
Which is capital name of Pasco?
What is the subject of Washington Crossing the Delaware?
What language is used for Singularity?
name the language used in Another Girl, Another Planet?
What is field of study for John Hutchinson?
what is the keyword associated with Michael Porter?
which was the conflict United States Army deployed to?
which tournament was participated by Complex?
Parker created what character?
what is the education school of Justin
what is stadium name for Arnold
what are stars of Pisces
one of works of Assassin's Creed?
how is Elvis classified?
What was the name of the character in Cavalleria rusticana?
where is place of birth of Drew?
what is Spells's prequel
Wht is the postal code used in Cleopatra?
Who is the sibling of Alice Scott?
What is district of Beechwood Elementary School
what is color at South Portland High School
what is art work of The Waterseller of Seville?
in which short story would you find Lord John Grey?
what software languages were used to create KonaKart?
which is Jason Cook's martial art?
which is a cut version for Relentless ?
Who is Duval named for
classifications for Vitamin?
What is sport for Western Illinois Leathernecks
What type of campus does St. Mark's School have?
Which is the maintainer of Redbridge?
Who is owner for The Gateway
What is genre of The City
What is color at Northeastern High School
first person to climb all way up The Towers?
who is the manufacturer of Nitrogen 99 gas?
Where did Sonny originate?
What is organization founded by Mayank Jain
the given team player Lorenzo Gonnelli plays and trains for which team?
What is stadium name for Kansas City Blues
which book edition was illustrated by Moritat?
what is David Nash's period
Editor of The Stolen Years
What is sport for Central Division?
what is the library under Public Library?
Name the tournament in which Momentum participated in
State the gender of Percy?
What is the descriptor on Dinosaurus?
What is location of Pivdennyi Bridge
Name one of the season of Who Dares Wins?
Who is the lyrics writer of Faded Love?
Which is the maintainer of Port Glasgow?
what is The Alhambra's art period?
what is the text describing a brief about The Aviator?
Who is Martin named for
what are the names of Claire Thomas's parents
the Break Out is of what subject?
Jurm was shot at which place?
which is central processing unit of Pippin?
name the manufacturer of Allscale 0.1 injectable solution?
What is city near Lake Austin
mention the type of release of Back in the Day
Zyclara is used for
Who is director for Irma La Douce
All movies that Casey Russell has played in
What is the basin country of Landwasser
what is Providence Friars's competition won?
What is Touch of Frost's original language
What are all movies that Andy Russell has been in
What is Shockwave's ride type
which organization presented Annie Award?
who is Acts of Vengeance's main character?
what is prequel of Batman: Arkham City?
What is time zone in Emiliano Zapata
name the manufacturer of Amlodipine besylate and benazepril hydrochloride 5/40 capsule?
subject of The Descent from the Cross
What was the name of the first edition of Land?
what is school of movement for Pottery?
which program was created by Justin Lee?
Who is art director in A Christmas Memory
What is White Oak High School's school district
What is name of director for The Shed?
in which country is Milngavie located?
Who is casting director for The End
what is artwork of Soliloquy
What is the action to be taken to watch the trailer of Fired in a theatre or on a personal device?
which electronic product is supported by Lenovo Legion Y520?
what is ride type for Balder?
Which episode precedes The Incubator?
Huge's casting director
What is the category of Ishtar?
Where is Laura Hill's place of birth
Directors of Lost in the Stars
Who is director of The Pride
Alan Patterson plays which sport?
specify the name of the computer software which contains FirstClass
Roderick Jones's voice type?
what is central processing unit of Loki?
What is platform of The Nations
List every movie directed by Andrew Johnston?
who is orchestration of Purlie
Who created Vigilante?
who is owner of The Chronicle?
What is sport of Southern Utah Thunderbirds
Kyrgyzstan is the legislature of which reginal government?
To which educational institute does Tulsipur belong?
Where is the place of death of Norm Smith?
name the musical composition which is recorded on White Sky
What is the genre of America the Beautiful?
What is bridge type of Windsor Bridge
How is Koko classified?
which player is the team captain of Luxembourg?
State the location partially contained by Imbabura? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What is the soundtrack of The Hunt?
what is School of Law's mascot?
What is Eurymedon Bridge's locale
Which actor appeared in Chapter Two?
what html layout engine was used in C峄慶 C峄慶?
State the type of Cinemax?
Florida A&M Rattlers is a member of what division?
what is team of Paul Weir
what is appearance of Madeline?
which field of study is Epidemiology about?
To which relgion does Peter Robinson belong?
name the character from After?
specify the difficulty category of Cottonwood Pass?
Who is director of Rent
where did The Fumble take place?
What is the name of the track of Hey Little Sweetie?
what actor appears in American Pop?
To which relgion does Michael Baker belong?
Where did William Lindsay pass away?
one of the games in A-Train
why is Robert Carter known?
state the type of Spanish High School is?
what is an event that contains similar features to BET Awards 2015?
What is Follow the Boys's genre
Bridge to Nowhere's body of water
What is astronomical object discovered by Mike Irwin?
which rank is lower than Class?
Who is director of The Miracle Worker
State the location partially contained by Totenkopf? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What is Manchester Elementary's school district
Who is director for The Apple Tree
what is The Last Judgment's art work
what is manufacturer of Deep Space?
Who is director of True West
Name the place Cronos originated?
Who are governing bodies of Rover?
what is Pigeon's biological classification?
Interview's cinematographer
which sport is played by Istv谩n Moln谩r?
Who is The Street's tv program creator
What are Togepi's species?
Who is director of Measure for Measure?
what is the name of one of the season of Merlina?
what is inflow source for Bolton Lake
Who is executive producer for Stonewall
What is the field of study covered in RNA?
Who or what is Lawrence named after
what is Noxubee County High School's mascot name?
what is manufacturer Zip
Which championship does Djurg氓rdens IF win?
state the genre of Eucalyptus
Specify which soundtrack belongs to Swiss Family Robinson?
name the album prior to Metal?
Michelangelo's building
what is park of Shockwave?
Movie art directors of Kristo
Who is director for The Food Chain
ITV was issued by whom?
state the type of Bronto?
What is name of place Robert Barker was born?
Who is music director of Pete 'n' Tillie
What is the next album after Tonight?
what is Idaho State Bengals's sport?
state the action that must be clicked on to view details about Be My Valentine?
what is Finn's ship type?
who is director for Art
Which is the video offer of Highway?
what division is Pepperdine Waves in
Where did Bill Morley pass away?
which city contains Oakwood?
the game series of Dragon Quest Heroes: Rocket Slime
what is name of Thunderbird's creator
What is story for The Boyfriend Game
What is the price list of Ad Infinitum?
one of episodes of Blunder?
Which app do you think has ADO.NET?
what kind of descriptor is 1900?
Who are lyrics writers for Today
What is city near Lake of the Ozarks?
which is the key for Belle Isle ?
Name the organization that has Putney?
what is adaptation of Three Little Pigs?
What is fight song for Utah Utes
what division is Kent State Golden Flashes a member of
mention the rating of Mirus Academy
Canon EOS 40D has what supported electronic product?
what is the mascot for Norwood School
What was the cause of death of Alexander Young?
who is story contributor for Helter Skelter?
mention the reveiw on Black Metal?
Which is the video offer of Fair Game?
Who is director of Doubt: A Parable
What are teams of The Oval
who has jursidiction over Republic of Bashkortostan?
List of Brian Sharp's produced movies
What was the program created by Jada?
what is the chemical series of Cobalt
what is the location of Independence Party?
Who is director for Landscape of the Body?
The Meeting's cinematographer?
what are the settings of Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Body of water that Waterloo Bridge crosses
Who is academic mentors of Michael Green
Who was the supporting artist who performed with Joe Satriani?
name the stock exchange related to Polyus?
What is the theme of the products Golden Goose Deluxe Brand Golden T-shirt?
What is the name of the program of The Only Way Is Essex?
what does Y-Bridge span
Boating was made by who?
who is The Kid's lyricist?
what is film for Mallrats
which election was occured in Middlesbrough?
who is Robert Wilson influenced by?
name the consumer product under Femtrace
who was the letterer of Thriller?
Who is director of Oklahoma!
who maintains the structure Main Street?
Why is Michelle Lee known?
Which is architectural style for St. Paul Lutheran Church
Lafayette County Courthouse was planned by what architectural firm
Which is spin off of Breakfast
Summon Night's sequel?
Who is producer of Men with Guns
The mountain range for Red Rock Pass
state the domain of Ph.D.
State the name of the social network profile of Celestino
What is the download page on which MSBuild can be downloaded?
What is Craig Stanley's place of birth?
editor for Mine
the release of Crawl is known by what name?
What is the type of Connectly?
which conference does UMass Lowell River Hawks belong to?
What is concert tour of Herself?
Who is Everyday's casting director
who is author to Cuttin' Up: How Early Jazz Got America's Ear
Who is writer for Women in Love
what is Houston Baptist Huskies's conference
Love's Labour's Lost is in what language?
which product is related to I Spy: Spooky Mansion?
who is creators for Witches
What is Geoffrey Collins's album?
What is the name of the social network profile of Agust铆n?
what is story of Indiana?
what is Narendra Kumar's field of study
who is the captain for Sweden?
where is place of birth for Mainframe?
What is inflow source for Lake Washington?
What was the name of the track engineered by Robin Foster?
which rank is lower than Kingdom?
who is Shiva's creator
What is Georgetown Hoyas's sport
state the language that Andaaz was primarily released in
Bombshell is a fictional character in which fictional universe?
Name the short story in which The Baby appeared on.
What is the ranking of the genre of Mona?
What is occupation for Brad Jones?
The children name of Anne Kirkpatrick
Which is island of Caddo Lake
what team is Terry Allen coaching now
What is stadium name for Arkansas State Red Wolves
What is The Horde's genre
Name the type of Muchin College Prep?
Name the album next, after Shine a Light?
State the place from where Edge of Darkness is originated from
Which competition has an award type of Chess?
What is color of University Prep
Aladdin's composers
name the location at which Autumn Glory was held
what is school of movement of The Lie
State the name of the place were Myrt and Marge was produced
Mont Sainte-Victoire belongs to which series
what is the composition created by Pixel?
What is bridge type of Rainbow Bridge
what is Tokyo's prequel
Under Siege's editors
Name of place where Dan O'Neill was born?
Who is owner for The Mirror
In which country is Miss World located?
state the scope of Democrats in which it operates
What is Mccall Elementary School's school district
name of creator of Crows
What does Sedna orbit around?
Where is place of birth for Jukka Koskinen?
what was the march of 2nd Battalion called?
What is power for Superboy
What is sequel for Love and War?
which team is Tony Sanchez coaching now
What was the name of the engineer who worked on Guillotine?
What is list of book written by Jonas David
state the genre of Little Bird
What is rated for Lights Out?
Literary series The Scourge
who is the writer of Sleeper?
What is sport for Carrera?
Name of place where John Laird was born?
what genre is Mandrake the Magician in?
mention the name of the character from After Dark
which mountain range is Rabbit Ears Pass located
Who is art director of The Mating Season
Will they make a sequel to Blood Ties
What are olympic games hosted for rio?
what is the scope of Hacked Off in which it operates?
What is genres of Farther Than the Eye Can See
Who is Flatliners's director
Who wrote Book of Shadows?
List of movies that Barbara Jenkins has been in?
Where is place of death of Jimmy Allan?
what is variation of Trombone?
Mike Garrett's owned teams?
mention the genre of Roseanne
where is That's Entertainment's founded place
Where is Daily Herald circulated?
what is the original language for Yeats
platform of Mr. Crab?
What is the scope of Union of the Democratic Centre in which it operates?
Name the market in which Holmes is sold?
Name the languages used in The Boys
what distilled spirit is Arak?
which agency is under the jurisdiction of Spain?
Who is director of Other Desert Cities
who supported Demon Hunter ?
On the team, what is the position of Andy Love?
what medicine is included in Rubella?
What type of binding is Blood, Sweat and Fears's cover?
What is Brownstown Central High School's district
what is galaxy of Draco
which is Upgrade's mpaa rating
which rank is higher than Family's rank?
what is observed meteor shower of Virgo
what is media of Vampire
name the program of The Shannara Chronicles?
architect style for Thomas Hastings
who is script writer of The Shoes?
Western Carolina Catamounts is a part of which conference?
what is George Nelson's architect style
Who is tv program creator of Homefront
What is sequel to Modesty Blaise?
State the name of the place were The Dave Ramsey Show was produced?
What was the cause of death of Mary Pickford?
what is The Jungle's summary
What is the star sign of Tamara Ecclestone
What is the medical specialty of Alexander Wood?
which is conference of Pepperdine Waves?
What is the religion of William Temple?
Who is director of Peer Gynt
what is a comic book by Rebellion?
name the language WWVR is in
who is Free Willy's tv program creator
What was the set location of The Price of Sugar
State the keyword that corresponds to Martin Taylor?
name the product related to Thunder Alley?
which agency is under the jurisdiction of Howland Island?
some English is used in what fictional universe?
what movies did David Rose direct
What is place of cremation for Joe Hill?
who created the illustrations for Poe: A Biography?
Where is the launch site of Space Shuttle
What is the name of the film in which Anthony Gonsalves appears?
who is engineer of The Orion?
What is region for Kumba?
what is sport of Bowling Green Falcons?
names of Naruto's characters
Who is Aurora named for?
how could you identify Grand Portage National Monument?
what is name of The Power Station's museum director?
What is the price list of Creation?
where was Bleeding Through shot at?
in which country is Cytarabine 20 injectable solution available in?
what is theme for Dinosaur
What all movies did Andy Mack play in?
name the character from Shadowgate?
what is specie for Hilda
What is the mascot's name of Douglas County High School
Darren Evans studied in which location?
what is school for The Muse
which is the terminus for S?
Name the location Michael Jensen lives in
Is there going to be a sequel to The Long Winter?
Which sport is played by Erik Eriksson?
what is genre of Mountain
What are olympic games hosted for rome
Which company is game developer for The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker
Director for In the Heights
what is prequel of Perfect Dark?
what is island of Massabesic Lake?
What is the nutritional fact for Basil Zucchini Toast?
what is movie that has Alex Pereira?
What is the name of the child organization of Colonial League?
who is Charles Rosen influenced by?
Releasing company of Private Eyes
Who is tv program creator of The Tomorrow People
what is media of Mobile
What is the ranking of the genre of Quartet?
on which operating system does Nokia N-Gage Game Deck run?
What is the setting of Downwind?
who is champion team of 2014 Stanley Cup Finals
what are the books written by Jim Thomas?
Who is director for Lend Me a Tenor
Bottega Verde VIP runs on which platform?
What is the video that is linked to House of the Rising Sun?
Who are governing bodies of The Coffee Pot
What is genre for Arvoch Conflict
What is Clark Island's island group
What is the gender of Anna Margarethe Gerling?
Who is director of The Sound of Music
What is the name of the place Solo originated from?
what is the mascot of Idaho Vandals?
which is a character of Best Seller ?
Who is art director of One More Try
What are Tyranitar's species?
What are Sabana River's basin country
Directors of K2
state the subdomain of Rakesh Agrawal
Name of designer of Highlander?
What is sport of Florida Gators
name the composition created by Tsugumi?
Who is art director in Reunion
who is the director of Queen of Hearts?
What is the name of the program of Escape?
Too which city does Fox Hollow belong?
what is theme for Dinosaur Island?
Eris's discovery site
What is Once Upon a Coma's genre
Getting Personal corresponds to which season?
Who are the parents of She-Hulk
What are teams of Farim?
What is the language of Gran Canaria?
Which is park of Tornado?
Director for The Lover
what is famous practitioner of Wushu
what is Streaker's ship type?
name the album next, after The Last Dance
what is movie sequel for The Commitments
what is color for Sunbury
List of movies written by Justin Barber
What is Ivan Lazarev's place of birth
cinematographers of Homestead
what is Cello Sonata's musical scale
What is place of cremation for John Barry
what is fight song of Auburn Tigers?
Orpheum Theatre was planned by what architectural firm
Who is the captain for Russia?
What is birth place of Matthew Murray
who is Georgia's team captain?
What is Tamanuku's competition won
What was the name of the producer of Sunday Morning?
What was the name of the event that took place after Men's Extra-Lightweight?
What is district of Beachwood Elementary School
What is sport of Charlotte Hornets
What is the domain of Herbert Simon?
mention the reveiw on Apollonius?
What was the program created by Jimmy Kimmel?
what is central processing unit for Nokia N900
Which is spin off for Teen Wolf?
what is the musical composition that was recorded on Going Back to Cali?
who is author to Silo
Alpha: Jose Hernandez Middle's ranking
where is built place of HMS Amethyst?
What was the name of the location in which Spear of Destiny was held?
what is the habitat for Giant Rat?
the first release of Heaven & Hell was known by what name?
Casting director for Fakers
The Invisible Hand is written by which writer?
What is the major cities connected by K Street
what is the keyword associated with John Mitchell?
Name the city which is represented by PAOK
What is the highest grade taught in Friendship Christian Academy?
name the musical composition which is recorded on How Do You Do
What location was founded by Quannum Projects?
Why is Anne Lister known?
which institution is associated wih John Hughes?
List of movies that Amber Garcia has been in
Grave is named after whom
star at Coma Berenices?
What is prequel for Polity Agent
what is grave for Toni Mannix?
what is the album after Evolution?
movie art directors of Blind Alley?
Movies written by Ashley Miller?
Films written by Samantha Lee
What is the scope of 16 Handles in which it operates?
what is religion for Church of the Good Shepherd?
What is the original language for Weekend?
what is offered at Sugo?
what is place of origin of Bulldog
to view details about Dystopia which actions must be clicked on?
name the composition created by Christopher
what was the rating of The Buck Stops Here?
who is Tom's tv program creator?
in which tournament did David Steinberg participate?
Who is ship builder of HMS Avenger
Who is director for No Man's Land
what is name of Inhuman's creator?
Who is creator of The Cavalier
Who directed Tartuffe
Which is architectural style for Fire Station No. 2
in which short story did Human appear?
What is sequel of Dizzy?
Who is the publisher of Calling All Angels: Taxi to a New Eden?
Who is director of The Rocky Horror Show
what division is Green Bay Phoenix in?
mention the difficulty category of Grace Lake?
first person to discover Sodium?
who maintains the structure Broad Street?
Who is casting director for Gabriela
who is orchestrator for Newsies?
who is the team captain for Hong Kong?
What is appearance of Amir
the actor who performed in Jason is called by which name?
State the scope of People's Democratic Movement in which it operates
what is the name of the sports team of Boston University?
where was Les Mis茅rables produced?
State the name of the game in which Daniel Maggio participated
What type is Hood?
in which area can MTV be received?
To which relgion does John Watkins belong?
Who is owner for Evening Express
What is list of book written by Nicholas Harris
What is action that needs to be done in order to reserve Village Inn?
Who is director of Sucker Punch
What is the currency used in Wit?
engineers of Trump Plaza?
What is the highest education level taught in West End High School?
what is ride type for Ricochet?
Name one of the season of Taboo?
What is the name of the book that corresponds to Dauber?
who published Runaways
which tournament was participated by Encore?
What was the rating of Stuck in the Mud like?
Who is the composer for National Pastime
Which are comic books created by Alan Martin
what is the optical drive included in Lenovo ThinkPad Reserve Edition?
Akash Mehta produced what movies?
In which country is Terranova located?
what is concert tour for Snog
what is city by Elizabeth Lake
what is brand name for Sodium
who is founder for Revolver
sequel of Tetris: The Grand Master?
what is ability of Eddie?
Name the album prior to Live at Wembley
What is the mascot for Pershing Middle
Who is director of Machinal
What is category of Silver Star?
what must be done to reserve Hidden Pond?
what is Peter Jackson's weight division
Calvary Chapel Hayward is in what language?
state the location partially contained by Meuse? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What is the position of Marcelo Herrera on the team?
What is the ranking of the genre of Bouquet?
What genre is Mapp and Lucia
State the theme of the products 24/7
Iohexol's class?
Editors of Somebody's Daughter
What is Don King's place of birth?
cinematographer of Last Call?
who is creator of Othello
State the ranking of the genre of And Then There Were None
what is gravestone of Frederick Hart?
Which operating system does Alienware 14 run on?
what is publisher of Crisis
what is Kevin Johnson's weight division?
which is the bridge of Lake Washington?
who is Gauss's builder?
what is title of theme song for Buffy the Vampire Slayer?
What is the basin country of Sandy Creek
State the name of the album prior to Excess All Areas
what is theme of Black Buccaneer
What is first ascent of John Richards?
What is Bear Peak's mountain range
in which short story would you find The Misfit?
What is district for College View Elementary
what is the setting of Eberron ?
Composer of The Wizard of Oz
what does The Fall of the Rebel Angels belong to?
What is name of place where Tom Bass was born
school of movement for Man?
what is the soundtrack of Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk?
name one of the season of Borrasca?
state the name of the first release of Update?
who is creator for Water Lilies
Sky Tower was constructed by what architectural firm
the mountain range of Barlow Pass
State the ranking of the genre of Raam
what is mouth of Big?
Thumba can be downloaded on which page?
which episode was written by Alexander Walker?
what location is partially contained by Uri? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
who is story contributor of Baba Yaga?
What is name of place John Baumgartner was born?
who is Ecce Homo made by
What is the highest education level taught in Bishop Baraga Catholic School?
What type is Woodlawn Elementary School?
Leslie Wilson published which editions of the book?
Who are the parents for Bobby Blood
what is the program that belongs to Suburgatory?
What is color of Kentucky Wildcats?
who is creator of Invasion!?
What is the position of Sergei Kovalyov on the team?
Where is the location in which Somebody Like You was recorded?
Name of composer of Passacaglia
what is university for The Chronicle
Name the place Stephanie originated?
Why is Bill Thompson known?
who is the composer of Purlie?
who is director of After School
What is location of Dumbarton Bridge
What is locale for Washington Bridge
what is musical scale in No Quarter
What was the name of the first release of Addams Family Values?
what are comics published of Papercutz?
which is football division of Minnesota Golden Gophers
name the recurring event which is a part of Battle of the Blades
What are species of Absol?
The Land is owned by who
Weight division of Jeff Smith
name a character from Cool Air
what are major cities at Broad Street?
what is sequel for Driver
Who is creator of Temperance Brennan
what is John McClellan's field of study?
What type of a campus does Decatur High School have?
What is birth place of Pietro Leoni
what is Nasty Boys's specie?
What is the name of the book that corresponds to A Choice of Enemies?
What is competition won by 脥镁r贸ttaf茅lag Reykjav铆kur?
what military conflict was Alexander Grant deployed?
Who is director of Waste
Where is place of birth for Kim Sang-won
Jane Addams Children's Book Award's award category
What is the action to be taken to watch the trailer of The Hatching in a theatre or on a personal device?
state the name of the event that took place after Women's Ice Hockey?
Branch of armed force of 72nd Division
What is West Central Middle School's school district
which constellation is Polaris in
What was the set location of Priest?
What is the manufactured form of Prednisone 5 tablet?
one of works of Godforsaken?
What is publisher for The Getaway
first person to discover Neptune
Who is casting director of Robocop
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to Jeeva
What langue do they speak in South Ossetia
what department does University of Rochester have?
state the name of the album prior to Max?
What is the outflow of Duncan Lake
What was the name of the event that took place after Women's Middleweight?
what is capsicum's legal status?
What is the name of the award presented by United States Air Force?
state the language that Autumn was primarily released in?
state the languages used in Lunch Date
what is star system Orpheus
What is team owned for Jada
what is teacher for Joe Williams?
Simias appears in what fictional universe?
What are major cities at King's Road
Director for Hello, Dolly!
What is locale for Monroe Street Bridge
What is bridge type of University Bridge
Who is art director of The Legend of Sleepy Hollow?
Name the languages used in Rescue
What is the name of the track of I Finally Found Someone?
Name the audio that corresponds to Ladybug?
What is invention of Mary Anderson?
who is creator for Basketball?
What stadium does Republika Srpska play in
What are the languages used in Shrink?
who is story contributor for Arnie
Who is director for The Norman Conquests: Living Together
Who maintains the structure M1 motorway?
List of movies that Diego Castillo has been in
mention the name of the character from A whistling woman?
Escapade's works?
Who directed Desire Under the Elms?
state the sports statistics of Joe Duarte?
olympic games used in Olympic Stadium
who maintains the structure Hindley?
What is religion of First United Methodist Church?
What is district of Pine City School
what is concert tour for Guy?
galaxy for Dorado?
Who is designer of Fire Station No. 23
What is the area that can receive Melody?
What video corresponds to The Red Shoes?
Who is Frankenstein's art director
What are Stunky's species?
The affected area for Hurricane Ophelia
What are the engine types of Yakovlev Yak-50
state the name of the album prior to Kara?
Kingdom Hearts sequel
who is tv program creator for Alphas?
What video corresponds to Concussion?
Who maintains the structure Peace Bridge?
the game series of Arc the Lad: Twilight of the Spirits
name the version of Paparazzi?
which is Mike Ward's first ascent
what is star for Capella
what is included as a part of Lorraine?
What is Montana State Bobcats's sport
List of films written by Jim Groom
Who does The Gazette belong to
Who are One False Move's cinematographers
Where did Bob Scott pass away?
which company is developing company for Night Warriors: Darkstalkers' Revenge?
What is the medical specialty of George Young?
which field of study is Apeiron about?
what was the final cut of Lunch called?
Which are outflow locations for Unity Pond
What is sport for Minneapolis Millers?
Robert Taylor's batting stats?
The Pioneers is influenced by whom?
What is sport of Western Michigan Broncos
who is creator of Clarke Griffin?
state an example of Nashi
Where did Thunderball originate?
Who is script writer for A Child's Christmas in Wales
state the language used on All the Kings Men?
what was the march of Officer Candidate School called?
name the broadcaster of Paying Attention?
List of films written by Michael Tierney
who is ship builder for HMS Winchester?
In which city does Diamond Lake exist?
what is sport for XFL
What is The Secret Box's plot
What is city by Pine Lake
to watch the trailer of The Message what is the action that must be taken?
Edraw Mind Map can be downloaded on which page?
to view details about As a Man Thinketh which actions must be clicked on?
state the manufactured form of Cefaclor 250 capsule?
what is launch vehicle of Trailblazer?
who is Playbook's manufacturer?
what is movement for Acropolis?
who is Charles Waring's parent?
What is profession for Shawn Collins?
What is organization founded by Michael Malone
who is Beethoven's creator?
Where did Ralph Johnstone pass away?
what is star of Leo?
what is Iohexol's canonical brand name
state the position of Mike Freeman
The Mysteries of Paris's editors
what is BrainSurge's theme?
what is concert tour for Black Sabbath?
what is models for Harrier Jump Jet?
what is the highest grade taught in Key of Life?
which election occured for Hampton?
Where is Jack Davidson's place of birth?
What was responsible for the death of John Daly?
name a character from The Bitter End
Name the version of Agent X
Who directed Juno and the Paycock
cinematographer of The Intruder
Director for Annie Get Your Gun
what is observed meteor shower in Draco?
who is orchestrator for A Christmas Story: The Musical
Director for Betrayal
What is the star sign of Tyler Davis
where is inflow source of Salmon River Reservoir?
who is ship builder for Hector?
name the zodiac sign of Eddie King
Directors of Julius Caesar
who is tv program creator of Doorman
What is power for The Shadow?
What is Mass Effect's setting?
Where is place of birth of Lewis deSoto?
Where did The Source originate?
State what is offered at Bistango?
who is The Big Top's contractor
specify the name of the computer software which contains AndreaMosaic
What is genre of Merchant Prince
What is city near Echo Lake
Crawford Notch's artist
what is famous adaptation for The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest?
What is spin off from The Chase
Mention the name of the country in which Epicoccum nigrum 0.1 injectable solution is available
Rank for Fairwood Elementary School
What is architecture style for Southern Hotel?
what is David Bull's period?
What is well known ship of Battleship
what kind of story is A Journey to Home, a Preemie Baby Book and NICU Companion Journal?
Name of the governmental jurisdiction that has jurisdiction over Singapore?
What stadium does Kuwait play in
which consumer product is under Yasmin?
What is the album after Take It to the Limit?
Wings's concert tour?
whih series does Explorers in Hell belong to?
What is the ranking of the genre of Do Not Disturb?
what is music scale for Zombie?
Crisp has an edition with which name?
What is city near North Lake
What is the name of the series Awakening belongs to?
who are The Rhythm Club's lyricists
who is operator of Monaco
where is location of Boone Bridge?
Director for Antony and Cleopatra
which is conference for Indiana Hoosiers
who is music director of Eventide?
Who is Twilight's creator
what is Total's sport
state the subject of A Journey Home?
what is the action that must be done to play Lake Biwa?
What is school color for South Lake High School
What was the name of the album prior to Americana?
what is the scope of Emilia-Romagna in which it operates?
what is power for Portal?
what is the name of one of the season of Hogs Gone Wild?
What is the catologe calue that corresponds to The Island?
who influenced Joe Carter?
what is the pregnancy category of Econazole Nitrate?
what is Dominion's phone number?
What is the name of the end of Eastern Railway?
what are the books written by John Quinn?
Who is director of Flora the Red Menace
what is team of Eddie Jordan?
Government agency that manages Fire Station No. 4
what is the audio pertaining to The Boat?
What is the genre of Asin?
which drug is of class Hypnotic?
State the keyword that corresponds to Marx, Karl?
What is the name of the activity that corresponds to Juniper Lake?
who is doctoral advisor for Stephen Jackson?
state the author of A Loss of Innocence?
In Russo-Turkish War, what was a part of it?
what is type of ride of Black Mamba?
What is the name of the actor in Bedtime Stories?
architect style of William Smyth
Casting director for You Are Here
what is City Beneath the Sea's genre?
Morgan Jones plays which sport?
What are the languages used in Sarge?
what is the releasing company of Bugsy
what is musical scale in Stabat Mater?
what are the organization which has Caddo?
government agency that manages St. Nicholas Church
state the person who participated in Derek Bentley?
Future Games is of what genre?
what is launch vehicle of Voyager 1?
Which is the lowest grade taught in Bunker Hill Elementary School
what is competition won by Italy
what is higher classification of Furan?
name the first edition of Kop?
Mention the instruction to prepare French Onion Beef-Noodle Bake
What is the language used in Brave?
What is place of cremation for Tony Crook?
What is star at Pegasus?
in which state is Cascade Falls located?
which sport is played by John Tomlinson?
name the program created by Dan Lambert?
What is name of place where Jack Young was born?
What is team owned for Stephen Ross?
What is body of water for King Island
in which country is Mekong Delta located?
Grey's cinematographers
which is league of The Grays?
What stadium does Santa Marta play in
Specify the operating system that TextPad works on
which is constellation for Sirius
what is district of Golden Rule?
name the musical composition which is recorded on Foreign Affair
Who is scriptwriter for The Constant Nymph
state the manufactured form of Trichoderma 0.1 injectable solution?
who supported Beck?
What is place of birth for Mark Bright?
What materials are The Passion made from?
what is form of composition of Funny Face?
name the person who coauthored with Hannah Arendt
Field of study of Vijay Kumar?
State what made Paul Scherrer famous
what game is published by Naver?
What is sport of Stade Montois?
What is the name of the actor in Avec le temps?
which election occured for Trois-Rivi猫res?
What caused the death of Al Shea?
who is David Margolis influenced by?
Which is island of Lake Martin?
Living the Life's casting director
Hydrogen's isotopes?
what is fossil specimen for Human
Who was the actor starring in Happy Ever After
Where did The Arrival originate?
state the type of West End High School is
What are the languages used in Insomnia?
What genre is The Addams Family
Who is director for Passion Play
what are the organization which has Heritage Park?
Which is rating for The Associate
what is Summer Lightning's settings
What is the name of the track of I Didn't Mean To?
name the manufacturer of Glipizide 5 tablet
what is Cubs's former name?
what was the location at which The Mike Malloy Show was produced?
which track was engineered by Tom Bailey?
what is Kansas State Wildcats's conference?
Who made Woody?
what must be clicked to watch Russian Roulette?
Swindled's editor
Which episode was written by Sean Szeles?
What is the subdomain of Alan Turing?
The affected area for Typhoon Fengshen
state the name of the version of Free Ride?
What is rating of Orphans
The name of the mascot of Central High School
what is Back in the Saddle's subject called?
Prestalia is used for
Who is script writer for The Priest
What kind of descriptor is Illumination
which magazine belongs to Wilderness ?
To which series does Clarel: Volume Twelve, Scholarly Edition belong?
Who is director for Henry IV, Part I
who is writer of Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!!?
what is Shannon Walker's space mission
who is Guernsey's casting director?
What are the languages used in If Tomorrow Comes?
The artist of Sneakers?
What is architecture style for Donnelly House
Chinese Presbyterian Church is of what type?
Name the location that is partially contained by Kreuzberg? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
John Calvert produced what movies?
what is brand name for Testosterone
What type of electronic product is supported by Honor 7X?
what is mouth of Cheyenne
state the ranking of the genre of Can't Go Back
who is the manufacturer of Clotrimazole 50 cream?
Which is architecture style of Ashland County Courthouse
What is the medical specialty of Jeremy Swan?
One of episodes of S.W.A.T.
What is name of place Michael Seymour was born?
isotopes of Potassium?
name the engineer who worked on Leave It Alone
What is the name of the person or organization which is responsible for Talisman?
who is art director of Punch
state the text describing the bried about Iceman?
which team is Dan Hawkins coaching now
what are art genres of Samuel Adams
Specify the operating system that Maggie works on
What was the set location of My Girlfriend's Boyfriend
Which place is Canning located at?
what is sport of Davidson Wildcats?
name the product related to Nacho Libre
Which is a cut version for Monologue ?
Weight division of Chris Saunders?
Cinematographers of Beowulf
Which is league of Philadelphia Athletics
What is the subject of Venus and Adonis
ship class of HMS Express?
Name the album next, after Reverence
What is the name of the developer of Gears of War?
name the event that took place after Men's 4 脳 400 metres Relay
Name the school located in Morgan County
Who is designer to Greene County Courthouse
What type is Melvindale High School?
City at the Edge of Time was edited by whom?
which book corresponds to Communication?
All movies that Cathy Campbell has played in
Who is the manufacturer of Puma?
Who directed The Turn of the Screw
what is musical scale of Requiem
Who is the person who participated in Payback?
What was the type of release of Cloud 9?
What stadium does Wyoming Cowboys play
who published Daytripper
Single-Handed's production company
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to White
Name the conflict at which Charles Mynn Thruston was deployed
Who is The Good Boy's art director
what martial art does Hannah Fox practice
List of every movie directed by Daniel de la Vega
what is star for Regulus
Who is Wells Fargo Tower's engineer
Author of Bel Canto is called by what name?
State the type of Gentry High School is
what is Formaldehyde's canonical brand name?
What is the name of the final edited version of The Mandrake?
What was the name of the film for which the set deisgner was Patricia Lee?
What is the action to be taken to watch the trailer of Dreamcatcher in a theatre or on a personal device?
who is vice president of Kennedy
who is composer for Windowpane?
What is Southeastern Louisiana Lady Lions's sport
AbiWord is in which computer software?
who is owner of Terra Nova?
What is the name of one of the season of Ironside?
Who is director for My One and Only
Directors of Suddenly, Last Summer
What is the type of Aranea?
what is asterism for Big Dipper?
Where is the place of death of John Paul Jones?
who was the illustration artist of Marilou Cries Wolf?
Who is director for How I Learned to Drive
Specify which soundtrack belongs to Wanted?
what is division for Evansville Purple Aces?
What was the set location of Rampage
Name the album prior to Contra la corriente
discovery of Zeus was by
list every movie directed by Chris Carr?
What is Victoria Bridge's locale
What is th position on the team of Paul Tait?
what is the position of Todd Williams?
what is the setting of Petticoat Junction?
Iroquois was made by who
What was the name of the engineer who worked on Get?
What is type of ride for Boulder Dash
who is the spouse of Atlas?
Movies that Steve Smith produced
what is the runner up of 2016 Masters
State the ranking of the genre of Grandmothers
state the subject of A Woman's Secret?
Radio Monte Carlo can be received in which area?
who is executive producer for For Better or for Worse
who is creator of Calypso
contractors of Skyper?
Kyle Murphy's educational background
what is Before's subject called?
name the version of Like a Rolling Stone?
state the text describing the bried about Poison Ivy
of what language is Blast?
What is executive producer for Twelve
what is the track engineered by Paul Moss?
State the location partially contained by Mount Brewster? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
which episode did Alicia appear in?
where was Ladies' Man shot at?
what is HMS Dartmouth's built place
Who is reponsible for influencing Mimi?
Name the location that is partially contained by kingston? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
what is tour of Shania Twain?
What is the religion of William Barlow?
What is name of theme song in Kourtney and Kim Take New York?
What is the gender of Andreas von Reiser, till Billeshave & L盲rkesholm?
what is the terminuse for Watts?
Which was the conflict Sir John Ashby deployed to?
State what made Paul Young famous?
Masonic Building's managements
what is famous saying of Charles Manson?
who is the author of Coyote Blue?
What movies has Mark Kelly produced?
what was the final cut of Roomies called?
name a music artit similar to Emily Maguire?
mention where Palookaville can be purchased online
What is the education school for Todd
Stonewall's organization
Who is owner of The Chronicle
mention the genre of Fish Out of Water?
which sport is played by Michael Johnson?
what was the final cut of Tomcat called?
What is name of academic advisor of Steve Schneider?
The Long Winter setting?
what is the name of the sports team of Northern Arizona University?
The Monsters's editors
what is Sulfur's canonical brand name
Which is architectural style of Lee County Courthouse
Which is rated of Carnal Knowledge
Who are Skinwalkers's cinematographers
State the action that must be done to view the menu of The Works online
space mission that Michael Collins flew on
what is system for V4641 Sagittarii?
casting director for Cake?
Who is casting director of Godzilla?
what is Vega's place of origin
the social network profile of Dr. Angela Orebaugh is known by which name?
What is sport of Real Madrid?
what type of descriptor is Parthiban Kanavu?
What is the next album after Headlights?
mention the gender of Clay Walker?
Name the state in which Turtle Bay is located in?
What is the name of the program of Labour Day?
Who is art director of A Mother's Prayer
What is subdiscipline for Forestry?
which was the conflict Bob Armstrong deployed to?
what is the name of the sports team of Holy Cross?
What is specie of Big Al?
what is Breeders's original language
what is Robert Bruce's tomb
Sebastian Kneipp's field of study
Who is publisher of Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines
What is Colegio de la Inmaculada's mascot?
Who is The Horde's music composer
which is the terminus for Westgate?
Which track had Ash as the producer?
Who is art director in Grandmothers
What is the language that appears in Star Trek?
What is the name of the series Rugby League belongs to?
Who are lyricists of Betty
the outflows for Lake Washington
engine type of G.I
what software languages were used to create Waterfox?
Which is architecture style of St. Matthew's Cathedral
What is Hutchinson High School's mascot
which are judicial capitals of punjab?
What is publisher for Total Distortion
who was the issuer of Continental?
Name the location that is partially contained by The Knob? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
who created the illustrations for A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court?
what is league of Tampa Bay Rays
what is city by Moose Lake
what is the content featured in Boomerang?
Which app do you think has Xbox 360?
who is the lyrist of Rodgers and Hart?
Name the musical composition which is recorded on Animal
what city was Wall of Sound founded
where is built place for Minerva?
Who is Rhea named for?
mention the genre of Fast Car
who is orchestrator of War Horse
Directors of Noises Off
Who maintains the structure Paddington?
What is St. Francis Xavier High School's mascot
What is the album after Mother Earth?
What is name of Flight's casting director
who is Strife's developer?
Which are outflow locations for Lake Como
What is aircraft type of Lightning
what is Titans's competition won
Which is Primeval's rating?
What is the next album after Letters Home?
What was the criminal act Cesare Battisti was convicted of?
Good Charlotte is from which genre?
Government agency that manages Abbott Memorial Library
What is Brutus's record label
Movie produced by Matthew Gallagher
On the team, what is the position of Steve Elliott?
Double Trouble's song
What is the affected area of Hurricane Sandy?
What are teams at Patriot Stadium
who is publisher of Bionic Commando?
what is name of True Believers's creator?
which actor appeared in Botched?
where is Griselda's place of first performance
what is name of theme song to Hannah Montana?
state the gender of James Saxon?
name the artist who appears in Pirate Radio?
what division is Liberty Flames a member of?
what department does Clarke University have?
what are major cities at Third Street
who was the producer of Transylvania?
Who is executive producer of Malpractice
What is stadium name for Albany Great Danes?
Name of director for The Maids
platform of Hit the Ice?
Where did Esquire originate?
List of movies produced by Gareth Owen
What is school of movement of Barack Obama and the Jim Crow Media: The Return of the Nigger Breakers
What is religion of St. Ann's Church
Batman: Arkham City's publisher?
what is competition won by Sarmiento
What is production company of The End of Summer
which program was created by Dixie Carter-Salinas?
name the person of organization which is responsible for Eastern Boys?
What is th position on the team of Bobby Brown?
Which fictional universe is Earth related to?
Millionaire is followed by whom?
What is the classification of Rob Roy?
Which is park of Big Dipper?
What is place of birth of David Ireland?
What is the name of the institution associated with Herbert Simon?
What is Macau's sport?
what is invention for Hui Liu?
What is Elk Creek end
who is film A Bloody Mess's script writer
Who is Audrey's creator
Where did The Sky is Falling originate?
name the composition created by Nasty Habits
What is the type of Belmont?
who is architect of East Main Street Historic District?
Who was the supporting artist who performed with Waysted?
Union Bank Building's contractors?
what educational institution has Rayagada?
What is name of place Craig Campbell was born?
To which series does Roughing it belong?
of what language is Morgunbla冒i冒?
What caused the death of Henry Morgan?
state what is offered at Crust
From which place did Matchless originate from?
what is genre of Keep It Right There?
religion for Bethel Presbyterian Church?
what is adaptation of The Ritz?
What is organization founded by David E. Culler
mention where Cutting Edge can be purchased online
what is periodic table block for Lithium
what is the text describing a brief about Animals?
Who is music composer of Jackie
What is profession of Sheila Altamirano?
what is galaxy of Carina
what is star system for Spica
what are teams in Taylor Field?
name of founder of The Laundry?
name of author who wrote A Winter of Content?
which is North Dakota State Bison's conference?
Name the type of Morningside Elementary
What is the composition for which Peter Graham was the creator
What is sport of Central Michigan Chippewas
Who directed Of Mice and Men
Twin Peaks's setting
What is name of creator of Thunderbird
What is birth place of David Scott?
What type of binding is Aden Insurgency: The Savage War in Yemen 1962-67's cover?
What is the name of the person who coauthored with John McCarthy?
on what operating system does Neuron work?
what is locale of Court Street Bridge?
librettist of Psyche?
which keyword is associated with Sam Adams?
which ticker symbol did London trade?
who is tv program creator of No Place Like Holmes
Where are Eagle Lake's outflows
Who is director for The Miser
Name the languages used in Sweet Dreams
which actor appeared in Bach?
what is genre of Rhapsody
Bandara comes from which fictional universe?
Where did Paul Bell pass away?
who follows The Explorers Club?
What is stadium name for Trinidad and Tobago
which is UTEP Miners's conference?
Who is Two Gentlemen of Verona's lyricist?
What is sport of women's soccer
What are the languages used to create the source code of Midori?
Freakshow is written by which writer?
who developed SystemRescueCd?
What was the criminal act John Battaglia was convicted of?
what is constellation of Aldebaran?
of what language is Ladies European Tour?
Colonial Apartments was designed by who
Author of Concealer is called by what name?
What does Fremont Bridge span across?
What is religion of St. Andrew's Church
Sean Williams's batting stats?
Editors of Season's Beatings
what is appearance of Graviton
where are launch sites of Antares?
Who is director of The Rothschilds
what are the organization which has portsmouth?
what is Tulane Green Wave's former name?
13 Art Inventions Children Should Know's cover is of which type of binding?
Neil Campbell's field of study?
what is Murder 2's movie
Design of Rover was done by
Where is place of birth of Vincent?
Who is first ascender of Mount Lyell
What is name of place Sarah Lawson was born?
What is place of birth of Frank Taylor?
What was responsible for the death of Webster, Henry Kitchell?
What is locale of Veterans Bridge
what are art genres of Piet脿
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to We Are Family
who manufactured Lionheart?
what is genre of Freedom?
Who is director for Gross Indecency: The Three Trials of Oscar Wilde
Blueprint is owned by who?
What is the album after Everybody Knows?
What is division that Murray State Racers is a part of?
what is a criminal act comitted by Paul Rose?
Who directed Duet For One
which is architecture style of Coria?
Name the place Kara originated
what is asteroid group of Orpheus?
Rodrigo Garc铆a plays which sport?
Who composed music for Maps?
Builders of World Trade Center?
What is movie sequel for Pulse
what is place of origin Space Shuttle?
what is Burnout's theme
name the language used in Get Some
Who is the person who participated in Eurovision Song Contest?
Where is place of birth of Ryan Walker
what is the genre of The Point?
One of recurring event of Little League World Series?
name the stock exchange related to Hilton Food Group
Who is art director of True Crime
Who was the actor starring in The Code
What is name of creator of Atom
which organization presented Man Booker Prize?
Who was responsible for the illustrations of Wet?
Architect for Cool Springs was who?
Who is director of Sweeney Todd, the Demon Barber of Fleet Street
What is the religion of John Lister?
George Canning plays which sport?
who was the engineer worked on O Síem?
what is constellation for Castor
Who is director for Major Barbara
where was Antero Resources incorporated?
what is Job's appearance in book?
Which company is game developer for Rescue
State the name of the person who influenced Richard?
What is platform of Zombies Ate My Neighbors
to which literary series did Adrian Wills contribute?
Who is director for The Madness of George III
Trinidad and Tobago's government type
which is martial art of Salvador Sánchez
Where is home stadia of Washington State Cougars?
Whih city is represented by Ninjas in Pyjamas?
What is the soundtrack of Monster?
What is the name of the person who coauthored with John Mitchell?
What is the cataloged value of Star Trek?
What is the domain of Douglas W. Jones?
What is the name of the final edited version of Faster?
Name the languages used in War and Peace?
engine types for Oryx
艑oku: The Inner Chambers has what universe character?
Name the short story in which Mr. Wong appeared on.
What was the name of the track engineered by Voodoo Child?
who is art director of Culture of Fear
who manufactures Dominator?
What is the star sign of Steve Smith
state the descriptor of Dreamcatcher
Name the language used in Funny Face
state the name of the sequel of Guys and Dolls?
Name the classification of Travis
Who wrote music for Office Space
who is artist of Portrait of Madame Ginoux (L'Arlesienne)
who is story contributor for Macbeth?
what conference is San Diego Toreros in
state where The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages was published
What is the show time of Mad Dogs?
What was the name of the location in which Wicked was held?
how people can Excuse My French serve?
What is the name of the final edited version of Futureproof?
name the artwork by Hopper?
what is legal status for Ibalizumab
Name the type of descriptor Once in a Lifetime is
What is the next album after Final Call?
Mount Terror's mountain ranges
What is district of Arcadia Elementary School
which is school color for Brunswick High School?
what team is Kevin Wilson coaching now?
Where did Ethics originate?
which app does DirectX belong to?
state the name of the sequel of The Giant Killer
What does Sycorax orbit around
where is Lemon located?
What is city near Pyh盲j盲rvi?
Who is director for Henry IV, Part II
List of every movie directed by John Whitney?
who produced World Container?
who wrote music for Rajkumar
What is school district of Star Elementary School
Babe is located at which place?
who is The Visitor's owner
What is sport of GKS Katowice?
organization for Thunderbird?
Who is composer of Multiply
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to The Chosen
What aviation accident was Eurofighter Typhoon involved in?
what is sequel to Motives
What military conflict was William Napier deployed?
who is discoverer for Platinum
Two Friends's costume designer
what is the next step to be taken to play Torture?
state the action that must be clicked on to view details about Big in Japan?
Who is American Basketball Association founded by
Who is director of A Patriot for Me
Movie art directors of The Hunchback of Notre Dame
What is district for Psja High School
what is units in United States Army
What is the zodiac sign of John Abraham?
what astronomical object did Zhang Yuzhe discover?
What is school district Hanover Elementary
What was the name of the album prior to Elixir?
what is place of origin of Talbot
What is the religion of Randy White?
state the genre of A Month of Sundays
what is Blue Mars's setting
who owns Golden Threads?
Chain has an edition with which name?
who is Night World's author?
drug class for Sulfur?
which accident was linked to Islander?
What is conference of Rutgers Scarlet Knights
What is the action that must be done to view the menu of Coach House Restaurant online?
What kind of descriptor is Beg for Mercy
Films written by Marcus Clarke?
what team is champion team of UEFA Euro 2008?
Who is director for The Seagull
Who is tv program creator for Electra Woman and Dyna Girl
what is the chemical series of Helium
Who or what is Talbot named after?
name the album next, after Smile
builder of The Pinnacle
what is manufacturer of Trailblazer?
Who is director of The Merry Wives Of Windsor
what are soundtracks for Elisabeth
What is the position of John Moore on the team?
who manufactures Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom?
under which category does Cyllene come?
what is Monsters University's prequel
what is the content of Sheriff?
state the category of Leo II
State the scope of Socialist League in which it operates
Which track had Storm as the producer?
name the place Mike Murphy originated
what educational institution has Township?
What is the ship type of Sabre?
what is a comic book of Penguin
Who is art director in Ali
what is Voldemort's education school
Who is director of Marat/Sade
director for Everyday Rapture
what was the rating of Hot Property?
Deimos's star system?
Which is architectural style of St. Luke's Episcopal Church?
What is name of creator of Laurie?
What is bridge type of Beaver Bridge
What is place of birth for Karl Pfeifer
name the character from Zeke?
what are Arc's basin country?
What is the name of the drug under Vitamin D?
State the name of the recurring event which is a part of New York
star in Hydra
what movies have David Sheehan produced?
what is higher classification of Asio?
Casting director for The Silence
What location is partially contained by Kimsa Chata? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What is Snow Day!'s plot
Who are governing bodies of First Presbyterian Church?
state the activity related to Mount Davidson
What is color of Immaculata High School
which track was engineered by Scientist?
Where was The Saint and Her Fool shot at?
Who maintains the structure London Bridge?
Who is Melrose Place's tv program creator
Editor of The Girls
Who is owner for Cangrejeros de Santurce
What was the location at which Final Battle occured?
What is body of water for Panay
What is the language used in Blood Reign?
Sam Wood is the illustrator for what book?
What is the name of the activity that corresponds to Pecos River?
what type of story is Henry IV
Who is owner of Philadelphia Freedoms
What is religion for Temple Emanu-El
What is place of birth of Bobby Donnelly
what genre is Luther in?
what is Symphony in C's musical scale?
who is designer for USS Princeton?
state the author of Donor
Who wrote music for White Nights
What is name of Mamitas's casting director
Name the album next, after Quiet Nights
what is inflow source for Pyh盲j盲rvi?
who is main character of Madman?
what is location of Memorial Bridge
who is Family Affairs's script writer?
what olympic games are Cortina hosted
What is the highest education level taught in Hutchinson High School?
Who is an author related to Ben White?
Where did Last Seen Wearing originate?
What was the name of the album prior to Triptych?
Name the album next, after When the Sun Goes Down
who is discoverer of Sycorax
Who is script writer of The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Doorman was shot at which place?
What is the name of the release of Freakish?
Who are the followers of Switch?
one of the games in Shadow Hearts
what are comics published of Conundrum Press?
What is the next album after Dexterity?
what are the books written by Kyle Miller?
what is conference of Idaho Vandals?
What is body of water of Car Nicobar
Which competition has an award type of Grand Tour?
Who is director for Closer Than Ever
Baby Blues has an edition with which name?
Which is architecture style for Odd Fellows Building
who is casting director of Dancing Arabs?
which episode was written by Ian Smith?
At which location does David Edwards live?
by whom was Orchard Park edited?
Specify the season name that corresponds to Snap?
what are Polly's species?
what is Moustache's cause of death
Who was the letterer for The Dark Knight Returns?
what is one of work written by Jerry Jones
subject of Self-Portrait?
what is mouth of Goose Creek?
Where is end of Istra
Architect for Sanford House was who
State the name of the place were Says You! was produced
Poison was created by who?
what is architectural style for English Village?
which company is developing company for Heist
what is city on Bahna River
what is prequel of Forest?
what team is UEFA Euro 2000's winning team?
Which is color for Marist College
Mention the rating of Batavia Sr High School
what is genre for Tari Tari
What caused the death of Vicki Draves?
what is Star Wars: The Last Jedi's prequel
Name the album next, after Distortion
Who is director for The Coast of Utopia: Voyage
State what made Wilhelm Busch famous?
Which competition has an award type of Wrestling?
What is the religion of John Anderson?
One of recurring event of World Cup?
what all movies did Anthony Sabatino play in
where is place of burial of Bob Crane?
state the publisher of A Still Quiet Place for Teens: A Mindfulness Workbook to Ease Stress and Difficult Emotions
Name the album prior to Drones
what is best ship of Submarine?
List every movie directed by John Leslie
what is chemical series of Tantalum
state the type of Walnut Grove is
who is designer of First United Church
what the name of the album of Marianne Faithfull
Blue Midnight's cover is of which type of binding?
What is religion of Great Synagogue?
who is tv program creator of S铆tio do Picapau Amarelo
What is name of place Adrian Mitchell was born?
what is school of movement for [?
at which place was Coeur incorporated?
What is architectural style for Alexander House
What is name of director of Megacities?
Which episode was written by Michael Smith?
Name the author of Hawaiian Ginger-Chicken Stew
where is place of origin of Pitch?
one of episodes of Dark Angel
Editors of Le voyage dans la lune
Where did Hal Smith pass away?
What is the education school for Martin
name the language used in I Got You
What is name of person who wrote Audience of One?
What is the name of one of the season of Intervention?
what are The Legion of Doom's albums?
What is the dish that is made by Aftershock?
Optase is used for
who is soundtrack composer for Human Nature?
Who is director for Xanadu
state the gender of Jimmy
Which is architectural style of Old Statehouse
What are species of The Scarecrow
where did Kofi originate?
What is school district of Eureka Elementary School
What is the theme of the products Guitar Man?
mention the software developed by Cave
Government agency that manages Pleasant Street Historic District
who is designer for A?
What was the language fluently spoken by Doug Hughes ?
what is theme song of Heartbeat?
State where can 25 to Life be purchased online?
Which is the rating of S.W.A.T.?
isotopes of Mercury?
What is spin off of House of Cards
organization of Bingo?
in which form is Glimepiride 4 tablet manufactured?
What is team owned for Chris O'Brien?
who is doctoral advisor for Stephen Owen?
Who is director for A Little Night Music
What is the gender of Doug Hughes?
Fifty-Fifty's cinematographers
in which city does Mount Vernon exist?
what is the page on which Love is in the Air can be downloaded?
Who is Sky Tower's contractor?
who is librettist for Cassandre?
what is synopsis of The Battle of Gettysburg
mention the price list of Prince
What was the cause of death of Robert Jones?
On the team, what is the position of Colin Bell?
Specify which soundtrack belongs to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
what space agency is Enos on?
What are the written work of Jack Shelton?
Which is weight division for Jason Cook?
Which is park of Thunderbolt?
Hurricane's engine types
What is religion of St Mary's Church?
name of person who found Deimos?
Who is director of A Moon for the Misbegotten
Which championship does Legia Warszawa win
What is the scope of Third Force in which it operates?
which magazine belongs to Lifestyle ?
what is offered at Saffron?
which app does Microsoft Data Access Components (MDAC) belong to?
Cupid's form of composition
What is end of Mulberry Creek
Peace Bridge's body of water?
What was the langage Circles was primarily released in?
What is manufacturer Ninja
Is there gonna be a sequel to Power Play?
name the film for which Frank Tuttle is the set designer
who was the issuer of Wegener?
What is the name of the award presented by V?
what educational institution has preston?
which is team for Jorge Guerra
Who is director for Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat
Name the type of Christopher Elementary School
Who is director for The Little Dog Laughed
which is a rank lower than Variety?
IBM ThinkPad R50P 1833 runs on which operating system?
What was the book editions published by Armando?
Name the classification of Tiger
what is concert tour for Stevie Ray?
name of designer for Sceptre
who supported Shania Twain?
Public Administration is for which field of study?
what was the march of 1st Cavalry Division?
name the zodiac sign of Nicolas Cage
Which is language of Francesca da Rimini
what is organization founded by Deepak Kumar
Name the organization that has colchester?
what is HMS Hind's ship classes?
what is theme of Battlestar Galactica
what is place of origin of Serengeti
Name the state in which Anthem is located in?
Name the actor starring in Doc
state the name of the graphics card in Dell Vostro 420
Name the languages used in MasterChef
who coauthored with James Tobin?
what is origin for Taekwondo
What is city near Harveys Lake
what is concert tour for Children of Bodom?
where is Klingon used?
What is the name of the series Football Manager belongs to
Who is director of A Number?
what is publisher for Help Wanted?
Harmonix can be downloaded on which page?
what is conference Wichita State Shockers?
what is Potassium's legal status
galaxy at Serpens
what caused the death of Vitus?
what is official color of Kansas State University?
what is Monument Hill's range?
state the action that is required to be done to contact Cambridge Savings Bank?
Where did Asuravithu originate?
what is the mascot for San Diego State Aztecs?
where is tomb of Hans Koch?
Which sport is played by Robert van der Horst?
Who are parents of Hari?
What type is Clarendon Elementary School?
what are stars of Phoenix
Name the product related to Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward?
name the episode directed by John Barton
PrefixNE can be downloaded on which page?
Where was Leo shot at?
St. Peter Cathedral's religion?
what are the names of David Flett's parents
name the place Savage Grace originated
which rank is higher than Species's rank?
Name the place Anitha originated
What was the name of the event that took place after Men's Pommelled Horse?
The Table's cinematographers
What is prequel for Only Human?
Who is art director of Selma
what was the cause of death of Thomas Walsh?
Government agency that manages Immaculate Conception Church?
What is the name of the developer of Cube?
What are teams of Church Road
Which spirit is of Calvados?
place of origin of Wyandotte
which is Twin Lakes's inflow source
what is religion of First Congregational Church
What series does Burn Bright belong to
Who is Love Story's lyrics writer
Director for Stand-Up Tragedy
What is the link on which Springsteen can be played?
Films written by James Caddick
What is the name of Mountain View High School's mascot
State the name of the track of Double Trouble?
What is Giorgos Ioannidis's place of birth?
state the name of the album prior to Concrete?
What was the name of the producer of Teeth?
what is story of Scotland?
Brian Sharp was director of what movies?
which language is fluently spoken by Chris Pontius?
what is the ship classes of USS Perkins
What caused the death of Edward Colman?
What is the desinged building of Alan Ford?
What is the manufactured form of Nisoldipine 34 extended release film coated tablet?
What was the book editions published by David Davis?
Which are Lily Lake's outflow locations
The American presented which award?
what is place of birth for Mystery?
What is the rating for Sleeping with the Enemy?
what series Seven Years?
Who is director of Nixon's Nixon
what is constellation of Vega?
what is Veterans Bridge's bridge type?
what is island on Ensenada Honda?
Name the conflict at which James Jackson was deployed
John Jennings produced which track?
Who is designer of Runaway Mine Train?
San Luis Obispo is the legislature of which reginal government?
Keynote works on what operating system?
On the team, what is the position of 脡der?
which organization presented Top Intelligent Community of the Year?
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to My Brother
what are the characters of The Inferno?
Directors of The Taming Of The Shrew
Where was Purgatory shot at?
what is the cataloged value of Restless?
What type of award belongs to competition Season 12?
how does Granada Undivided High School rank?
what is Hyflex's manufacturer
state the price list of Abalone
What is the rank of Enchanted April
What is architectural style for Third Street Bridge
Who is director for Violet
who supported Wilson Pickett ?
Cruel Theory - Sublime Practice: Toward a Revaluation of Buddhism is published by who?
sequel of The Darkness?
state the language that Damnation Alley was primarily released in
what is the album after Too Much Information?
what is the setting of Clannad ?
Where did Charmed Life originate?
editor of Two Brothers?
Christ Church's managements
who is Night Shift's developer
Design of Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church was done by?
who is author for Agnes Browne?
what is the engine type for Leopard?
name the album next, after Local Color
What is color of Furman Paladins
Director for The Act
What is sport of Florida A&M Rattlers
Who is The Mummy's art director
who is director of Burnt by the Sun
Publisher of Fish Police?
What are the languages used in The Block?
What type of descriptor is You're the One?
Mention the dish that is made by Baked Zucchini and Cheese
who manufactures Eurofighter Typhoon
What was the name of the location in which Masterclass was held?
What is the piece of text corresponding to Million Dollar Baby?
which award was earned by Peter Lewis?
what company owns The National?
where can Clone be purchased online?
what is place of origin of Sumatra
state the activity related to St. Croix
Fulmar's engine type
Who is Misty's producer?
In which place did John Alvin die?
who is Dune's author?
State the scope of Civic Union in which it operates
Who broadcasted Cutters?
Which software was developed by Rusty Russell?
who is creator of Forrest Gump
What is the currency used in Sant Gregori?
state the name of the child organization of Glasgow University?
which is football division of Georgetown Hoyas?
what is musical scale of Pennies from Heaven
In which country is Progress Party located?
What is color at Webb School
what is higher classification for Barilium?
What is the name of the program of Breathing?
what is the original language for King's Ransom
where is Bill Long's place of birth?
what is manufacturer of Black Mamba
Mention the instruction to prepare Roasted Red Pepper Yogurt Dip
What is the name of the film in which Erlich appears?
What is sequel to The King
Wright is named after whom?
What is the language used in Cinderella?
One of games bolonging to Sega Smash Pack
Which is architecture style for Rock Island Depot
film for Khoya Khoya Chand
To which relgion does John McCarthy belong?
Green is named after whom?
Where did Jim Crawford pass away?
Name of the governmental jurisdiction that has jurisdiction over Lions
What stadium does Lamar Lady Cardinals play in
where was The David Pakman Show produced?
Who is director of Heartbreak House
What is higher classification for Waldo?
what is team of Greg Brown?
which is architecture style for Academy Hill Historic District
What was the instrument played by Mari?
What is Bob Brady's birth place
which book edition was illustrated by Anonymous?
Two Hands's editors
librettist of Alessandro Stradella
what is the ship type for Corsair?
Who is director for Henry VI Part 1
In the Name of the Father's costume degisners
What is the automative class related to Viper?
are they making a sequel to Genocide
What is the name of the organization that has Southern California?
what nutrient is found in Honey?
what type of descriptor is Cash on Delivery?
What is aircraft type for Universal
Frank Thomas created what character?
State the model number of Christmas Tree Rex T-Rex Dinosaur Pattern Mens Raglan T Shirt?
what is the main campus of Wheaton College?
who is museum director of Western Approaches Museum
name a team of The American.
what is mountain range for North Mountain
movies that Ken Russell has produced
which film has David Wales as the set designer
Name of designer for Earthworm Jim?
What was the book editions published by Mark Kramer?
What is name of founder of Willow
in which first edition would you find The Passage: A Novel (Book One of the Passage Trilogy)?
specify which soundtrack belongs to Lionheart?
name a character from Ligeia?
What is the star sign of Robert Frank?
what division is Wichita State Shockers in?
What is the difficulty category of University of Denver?
What is religion of St. Thomas Church
What is mpaa rating for Shall We Dance?
Winter Olympics's winner?
What is type of ride for Burnout?
Name the short story in which Michael Jennings appeared on.?
cinematographers of Whirlwind
State the sibling of Alida de Jong
which team is champion team of 2016 Honduran Supercup?
Which is Liberty Lake's outflow location
which event preceded Women's Lightweight Double Sculls?
Name the album prior to Woman Travels Alone
who developed Vino?
What is Kevin Shea's album
Who or what is Sevier named after
what is Alexander's built place
What is the scope of New Generation Party in which it operates?
What is the field of study covered in Sleep?
name the engineer who worked on I Knew You Were Trouble.
Name the album that consists Believer
Who is Marvin's creator
What is the name of the mascot of Orono High School
where did Alan Morris pass away?
Who is director for Phedre
Is there going to be a sequel to Second Skin?
Government agency that manages Clermont
Who is an author related to Josh Thomson?
What is first ascent of Ed Cooper?
Name the album next, after Daylight
who is author to The It Girl
What is the soundtrack of Murder?
Who is music artist of Other Voices, Other Rooms
Rat's editors
where are launch sites of Black Knight
Branch of armed force of Royal Horse Guards
who is art director in Paradise Lost?
which is Mike Alexander's division?
Bridge that crosses Grand River
what type of campus does Northwest High School have?
who is tv program creator of Summer Camp?
Who is story contributor for Tomb Raider
Which is architectural style of Greene County Courthouse?
What is the star sign of Alex Bain?
What is the language used in 13 Minutes?
What is type of religious building of St. Francis Xavier Church?
what is Lapu-Lapu's genre?
What is Northern Arizona Lumberjacks's sport
For which issue was Rock of Ages?
Mind's Eye corresponds to which season?
What was responsible for the death of Jimmy Rogers?
which book corresponds to Circle of Friends?
what is mpaa rating for Megacities
what is Dancing in the Dark's rating
where is Proton's launch site?
Who is Tara's creator
What was the name of the track engineered by Gary Gray?
state the genre of Memory Radio 1
Who is director for The Entertainer
what is John McCarthy's designed language?
Black Forest can be contacted after which required action?
Who is director of Grandmothers
Discovery of Remus
What is the highest grade taught in Wilberforce School?
What is name of place Katie Hall was born?
mountain ranges of Elizabeth
Specify which soundtrack belongs to Copacabana
name the location at which Dirty Harry was recorded?
what is Marco Polo known for?
what is Conan's school of movement?
in what film does Chuka appears?
where was Metal Storm shot at?
state the scope of Young Turks in which it operates
Who are the followers of Rahul Dev?
who is writer for Fractured Legacy
which is Adam's rating?
what are launch sites of Private?
Who is Undercover Boss's tv program creator
what is The Jester's manufacturer
Art of Illusion is of what version?
what is built place of Britannia
who is music director of Window
who is writer of American Diction for Non-Native Speakers: Series 1 - The Consonant Sounds?
Who is director of The Crucible
Movies that Brian Walker produced?
Who wrote music for Maverick
Where did My Life originate?
Who are governing bodies of American National Bank Building
Which html layout engine was included in Internet Explorer 7 ?
what is the musical composition that was recorded on Bedtime Story?
Mirror was shot at which place?
what department does Carnegie Mellon School of Computer Science have?
who is music director of Da Capo?
what are major cities at Park Avenue
which is the key for Locust Grove ?
State the name of the album prior to Be Careful What You Wish For
where was Sorcerer's apprentice published?
Where was The World Today produced?
Juno's launch vehicle
What is famous adaptation of Alice?
who is Super Sidekicks 3: The Next Glory's developer?
state the name of the author related to Ryan Young
which is the space agency of Ham
what is competition won by Craig Wayne Boyd
Government agency that manages Centerville Historic District
what is Gold's chemical series?
To which relgion does Henri belong?
which electronic product is supported by Samsung Galaxy NOTE8?
which tournament was participated by Iceberg?
what is city on Valea cu Ap膬 River
What is rating for The Contenders
To which relgion does Shahid Khan belong?
Who directed Kiss Me, Kate
What is theme for The Timekeeper
what is country of origin for Jarvis
What is locale for Martin Luther King Bridge
Which is architecture style of Cool Springs?
Who is Somm's soundtrack composer
What was the criminal act Earl Jones was convicted of?
which was the conflict Thomas Sutherland deployed to?
State the type of Lincoln High School is
what are teams in Brimsdown?
Who is Zhit's soundtrack composer
where is 55105 located at?
what is prequel of Match of the Day
Leon is a fictional character in which fictional universe?
Where is the place of death of Too Tight Henry?
what are the affected areas of Cyclone Tracy
Who is owner for The Oregonian?
What is place of birth for Henry Marshall?
Which organization presents The BET Honors?
what is Jagathalaprathapan's genre?
what is art work of The Tuileries Gardens?
state the ranking of the genre of Lombardi
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to The Magnificent Seven
Director for An Ideal Husband
what is founder of Clones's
what is Holy Cross Crusaders's division?
What type of bridge is Bridge to Nowhere
by whom was The Little Helliad edited?
What is school district of Rochester High School
State the name of the episode which was written by James Bartlett
who is creator of Pupa?
Aleksandr Karpov won which award?
specify the difficulty category of George S. Mickelson Trail
is there a sequel to Page
What is the basin country of Jack?
What type of story is Don't Be Cruel
Who is 2014鈥?5 Ligue 1's winner
in which tournament did Jeremy Williams participate?
State which grade is the highest, taught in St Columbkille School
What is the version of Microsoft Windows Malicious Software Removal Tool?
State the religion followed by OC?
Name the market in which Active Life is sold
The outflow locations of Lake Victoria
the rating of Fair Exchange
Who is tv program creator for Home Sweet Home
what is the step to be taken to play The Circle of Life?
architect style for John Douglas?
what is Maverick's releasing company?
what is the releasing company of Mirage?
Who directed Stanley
The outflow of Miller Lake
What is Julia rated?
Who is designer of Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back
mention the verion of ntop?
What is name of place where Bob Foster was born
Mention the name of the character from Seduced
Director for The Music Man
Who is casting director for Joe
what is country of origin for Proton
who is the director of Sins of the Mother?
who is creator for The Bouncer
Kind of government in the Netherlands?
Who are John Stewart's parents
list every movie directed by James O'Sullivan
who is builder of Skyper
what company owns Le Matin?
What is place of birth for Francis Cunningham
Who is owner for The Guardian?
Who is contractor for The Pinnacle
what is movement of Kaddish?
who is executive producer of Anna?
who directed I'm Not Rappaport
Who is Hoodwinked's director
In which position does Mike Evans play?
what is Towson Tigers's former name?
what is the game participated by Eric Brewer?
mention the distributor of Jaws
What is official color of St. Stanislaus College
what is The Extraordinary Adventures of Ad猫le Blanc-Sec's publisher
Who is the cinematographer of film The Kingdom
what is competition won by Legia Warszawa
What is the version of Photo Mechanic?
Who is music composer of Lajja
Who is writer of Byzantium
What is city near Beaver Lake
What are comic books published by Max?
which type of optical drive does IBM ThinkCentre M50 8187 have?
Honeymoon Suite's singer?
What is prequel for Starglider
What is sport for Dayton Gems
what is cause of death for David Edwards
who is director of The Witching Hour
Which type of award competition did Australian Idol participate in?
architect style of James Brooks
what language is used for Freestyle?
Who is tv program creator of BattleBots
Smith is named after whom?
which company is game developer of Eidolon?
who is orchestration Movin' Out?
State the type of release of Strictly Business
What is the video that is linked to The Whole Truth?
what is college for The Arkansas Traveler
High Maintenance's cinematographers
what is Willie Smith's competition won
Murder of Kriss Donald is participated by which person?
Who are governing bodies of Hughes House
What is genre of Doctor, Doctor
ship builder for Minerva?
Which is mpaa rating King David
What is team of Marco Crespi?
what is the recurring event that is a part of Judge Knows Best?
what is the action that must be taken to make a reservation at The Optimist?
Who is director for Someone Who'll Watch Over Me
Which html layout engine was included in Epic ?
Out There was shot at which place?
Who is the editor of Beyond Sanctuary?
what is galaxy at Lynx?
Who is creators for Wasteland
Who or what is Blount named after
name the organization that has Canada
Which is spin off for Are You Being Served?
What is Northville High School's mascot
Who is director of Misalliance
Who is owner of The Nation
Saki was issued by whom?
What is the classification of Lola?
who is the manufacturer of Cefoxitin 2 powder for injectable solution?
isotopes for Antimony?
cinematographer of A Blind Eye?
What is the track in Despedida?
Where is death place for Edmund Rice?
What is inflow source for Miller Lake
Who is director for Le Cid
please list the game series for Wargame Construction Set
state the name of the version of Neon Lights?
Name the zodiac sign of Michael Tucker?
in which country is Oxcarbazepine 300 film coated tablet available in?
Who is owner of Real Madrid?
Who are governing bodies of Monahans Sandhills
what is field of study of Paul Scherrer?
What is the name of the computer software which contains Windmill?
What is Prophetstown High School's school district
who maintains the structure Johnstone?
who is designer for Dart?
State where can Svengali be purchased online?
Is there a sequel to Outbreak
to which armed force does Robert Carter belong?
Risk's developers
what are outflows Echo Lake?
What mountain range does Whistler Mountain belong to
St. Margaret's Church's religion?
what are major cities of Kingsway
state the genre of The 1920's Radio Network
what is Abraham Lincoln's story?
KonaKart is of what version?
which is Bellatrix's constellation?
State the name of the album prior to Maiden Voyage
Who is first ascender for Table Mountain
What was the cause of death of Bill Shannon?
name the artwork done by Robert Black?
what type of campus does Third Street have?
What is the catologe calue that corresponds to P'tit Quinquin?
Which is architecture style for Farmington?
who follows Bad Manners?
What is the theme of the products Far?
class of capsicum
What is stadium name for Arizona State Sun Devils
specify the link on which Bangarang can be played
Who are One Main Place's contractors
what is ride type for Dreamflight?
What is district of Ps 53
State the name of the recurring event which is a part of Episode 10
To which relgion does Giovanni Battista Paggi belong?
Night Moves's casting director
What is the language of Javelin?
which company is developing company for Reach for the Stars
what is art period for Ovid among the Scythians?
what is Hair's category?
what is Academy of Country Music Awards's award category
What is P茅ter 脕goston's place of birth?
who published Fox Hunt?
what is the basin country for Beaver River?
Who was the issuer of Baron Capital Enterprise, Inc.?
Where did Joshua Mills pass away?
what is the zodiac sign of Twist?
What is the name of the person who coauthored with Gilles Deleuze?
What is the model number of Great Expectations Maternity Long Sleeve Crewneck Tee?
What is Bishop Carroll High School's mascot name
which conference does Southeastern Louisiana Lions belong to?
What is the industry of Blue Monday?
What is the next album after Peace and Love?
what is team of Joe Scott?
builders of Jasper?
what is the cataloged value of My Generation?
Director for The Cradle Will Rock
Where is the place of death of Tom Walsh?
what is Phonology's subdiscipline?
who is author of Bison Hunting at Cooper Site: Where Lightning Bolts Drew Thundering Herds
which book corresponds to Birds on a Wire?
What is Louisa's appearance in book
what type of a memory card is supported Nokia Lumia 635?
What is the highest education level taught in Hope Christian School?
What is the mascot for Valley Stream Memorial Junior High School?
Mention the nationality of Alan Parker
State the postcode of St Johns
what is sport of Granville
Who is creator of Liz
state the subdomain of Peter Hall?
What stadium does Utah Stars play in
Which operating system does IBM ThinkPad 770Z 9549 run on?
directors of Wonder Boy?
Who is children for John Cook?
What type of habitat does Sparrow live in?
Who is director for Monty Python's Spamalot
Who is Acadia named for
Peter Brown is the illustrator for what book?
what is Space Shuttle's ride type?
name the domain of Anthony Cerami
What is the name of one of the season of Shalom Sesame?
Which html layout engine was included in Mozilla Firefox ?
Who are Grey Gardens's cinematographers?
which is conference of Liberty Flames?
Who was responsible for the illustrations of Henry and the Clubhouse?
What was the game version published by Perfect World?
state the language of Western Shugden Society?
which is park for Tidal Wave?
Where is place of birth for Mohammad Hussain
name the type of Collins?
In which place did Ben Stephens die?
What is adaptation of Amores de mercado?
Cybotron corresponds to which track
Which is the video offer of Jail?
Name the ethnic group to which John Lewis belongs?
who is tutor of Jack Green?
Record label of Glenn Jones
Who is story contributor for Best Seller
What was responsible for the death of Michael Martin?
Who is director of Nine
John Harvey contributed to which literary series?
Name the location that is partially contained by Staffelberg? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
What is the name of the computer software which contains Berry Linux?
Name one of the season of Ran?
What is name of director of The North Star
On the team, what is the position of Tom Cahill?
What is place of birth for David Burrows?
Architect for Washington County Jail was who
What is capital name of Fairfield
who is the author of Because of You?
What is genres of Par Avion
what is brand name of Ganirelix?
state the position of James Rogers
What is the subdomain of Ph.D.?
what city was Sena founded
School district for Thermopolis Middle School
Which city contains Hawarden Hills?
What is mpaa rating of The Wrestler
What must be clicked on to watch Baby Doll?
who is author for Malheur
what is Aurel Vlaicu's designed model?
Who is story contributor for Twelve Chairs
Platform of Starglider
What is name of director of Copacabana
Who is director of The Pajama Game
Name of place where Phi Nhung was born
What is built place for James Craig?
state the religion followed by Venerable?
What is the subject of Atonement?
what is Critics' Choice's category
Who is Alexander named for?
who is the manufacturer of Mirtazapine 7.5 film coated tablet?
name the domain of Peter Hall?
Who is director of The Young Man From Atlanta
place of burial of Art Williams
Who is The President's Last Bang's script writer
What is the education school for Edward
platforms of Rising Sun?
Which is weight division of Billy Graham?
what is Rehabilitation used for
which company is game developer for Naruto: Ninja Council?
State the languages used in Jungle
what is Let Me Entertain You's musical scale
Who are parents for Dean Jones?
what is city on Santa Ana?
Name a game published by Pixel
Who is creator for Steel
where does Matthew Saunders live?
what was the setting of Private Eye?
name the recurring event which is a part of Reversal of Fortune?
What is name of place Danny Cox was born?
what the names of comic books written by Hero?
What is the major cities connected by Interstate 395
What are major cities of Eastern Freeway
state the name of the social network profile of Adam Roberts
Paris's record labels?
what is island of Boston Harbor?
What is place of birth for Christian Hackenberg
what is the name of George Lang's building?
who is architect to Santa Ana
what is Collaborator made of
Who directed Lydie Breeze
who are lyrics writers for Fame?
What type of a campus does Holy Family Academy have?
what is the original language for The Far Side
Eisenhower High School's mascot
What is the name of the institution associated with Anthony Cerami?
What is the composition created by Bruce Gaitsch?
on the software license of Ranorex, what is stated?
Who is tv program creator for Street Justice?
what is Wetter's genre
What was the cause of death of Jon Lord?
what is Best Film's category?
State the name of the album prior to Interplay
What is the action that requires to be done to vew the online menu of Coach House Restaurant?
What is the subject of Outside Chance?
what movies did Barry Barclay direct?
what is Turning Point's school district?
What is Fairfield Elementary School's district
Name the audio that corresponds to Chicken Little?
a list of movies with Amy Williams in them
What is category of Filmfare Award for Best Actor
musical scale of Higher Ground?
Name of designer of Streaker
Vanguard's launch site
What is name of author of Activated Carbon for Water and Wastewater Treatment: Integration of Adsorption and Biological Treatment
Which program was created by Carmine Infantino?
What is the genre of Ben?
What location is partially contained by cleveland? (for example, russia is partially contained by europe)
A Scorecard Sketchbook for 50 Rounds of Golf is published by who?
what is the location of Dino?
El Segundo's editor
what is Bugle's family
what is the scope of Viva in which it operates?
Specify the name of the developer of Dead to Rights
What was the name of the artwork done by Christian Marclay?
What is the original language of Spin
which is school color for St. Andrew's Episcopal School?
What type of bridge is Henderson Bridge
name the film for which Jeff Johnson is the set designer?
who is creator of Sakura?
where is place founded by Flying Squadron?
School district for Mount Tabor High
What is cause of David Clark's death
state the genre of Sacrament?
Who is director for Finian's Rainbow
who is related to The Moomins?
state the category of Sycorax?
What type is Bolton?
which institution is associated wih Paul Seymour?
specify the link on which Filthy can be played
olympic games in The O2
Dessert's editor
Who is director for Pentecost
Who is music director for Zooman
what is the position of Dennis Simpson on the team?
who is music artist for The 77s?
Who is designer to Madison Elementary School?
Who is director for Hobson's Choice
to which calendar system does August 25 belong?
Where is river source of Eagle River
which conference does Providence Friars belong to?
What is the name of the mascot of Boston College Eagles
What is Northern Kentucky Norse's conference
Who is the composer for Frankenstein
National Mosque's religion
who published Star Quest?
What is the name of the final edited version of Porky's?
Architect for Majestic Theatre was who
What military conflict was James Tilton deployed?
What is variations of Bell?
What is the mascot's name of Ursuline Academy
William Lockhart won which award?
please list the game series for Star Soldier?
What is sport for Loyola Greyhounds
What is locale of Market Street Bridge
What is specie of Jessica
Woyzeck's editor
What type is Waverly High School?
provide the video offer of Champion?
what is power for Wizard
Senran Kagura: Bon App茅tit!'s developers?
What is the next album after Twisted?
State what made Helen Taylor famous
What is city near Golden Gate?
What is the original language of Behold the Man
state the category of Calypso
who is author of Unbreakable Machine-Doll?
story contributor of Cry No More?
What is sequel for Warlock
the social network profile of Bad Karma is known by which name?
all movies that Alex Dewar has played in?
settings from The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker?
During what time is Wheel of Fortune aired?
name the album next, after Oxymoron
Which is official color for Stanford Cardinal
who is Drum designed by
Mountain ranges of Mount Emmons
Who is The Experiment's casting director?
Which championship does field hockey win?
who is manufacturer for Ventura
Who is director for The Dance and the Railroad
what is Hurricane Katrina affecting area?
What is space programs by Kepler?
What is th position on the team of Christian Fox?
What stadium does Virginia Tech Hokies play?
Platform of Tooth and Tail
What are comic books published by Painkiller Jane
What is action that needs to be done in order to reserve Marriott's Ko Olina Beach Club?
William Davidson's owned teams
who is director for The Road to Mecca
State the postcode of Milan township
which is the bridge going across Elbe
Eric Clark was director of what movies
name of person who discovered George?
where is first performance place of Scream?
State the ranking of the genre of I Saw the Devil
What is end of Han River
name the album prior to Common Ground?
Discovery of Ganymede?
Who is director for Lovers
What is lower classification of Agape?
What is appearance for Maria Chapdelaine
Name the language used in Alive?
Where was The Sentinel primarily circulated?
what is the action that must be done to play Caliente?
what caused the death of Martin Fierro?
which audio pertains to Almost a Woman?
what is fight song of Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets?
Which game was published by The Rainbow?
which is color of University of Virginia?
State the name of the album prior to Bless This Mess
What are teams in Oriole Park
what stadium does Santa Cruz play in?
Who is Black Snow's writer
who is Calloway named for?
who is Scars's director
who is author of A Vision of Hell: The Realms of Tartarus, Book Two?
what is Annie Award's category?
who is Nicolas Cage named for
What category storm is Hurricane Gert?
What is name of place where Jane Hill was born?
name of architect of Memorial Hall?
What is prequel for Exodus?
Which is the terminus for Purple Line?
What is the next album after Unplugged?
what is the audio pertaining to Walking Back to Happiness?
what is type for OK?
What is place of birth of Natasha Sarraf
What was the name of the event that preceded Unleashed?
What is team owned for Shahid Khan
editors of The Farmer's Daughter?
What is location of Dragon Bridge
where can Client be purchased online?
What is the language of Popina?
Who was the supporting artist who performed with Greg Brown?
Where is the place of death of Arthur Watts?
the first release of Untamed was known by what name?
State which grade is the highest, taught in Kiddie Academy
what genre is Little Joe in?
What is the name of the institution associated with Douglas W. Jones?
How is Dash classified?
state the name of the sequel of Salvage?
What is the catologe calue that corresponds to Star Trek?
Name of place where Eckart Witzigmann was born?
who is owner of The Day?
who is recording artist for G-Force
Who is Quiet Please!'s producer
what is publisher for Desert Thunder?
Name the album prior to One Way
movies written by James Wright?
what was the track produced by Phil Vassar?
what was the march of Irish Brigade?
what is sequel to Blasphemy
Who is casting director for Special Forces
What are Grotle's species?
what is the original language for Tulyar?
which keyword is associated with Michael Jordan?
Who is owner for Puerto Rico Islanders?
which music artist is similar to Saint Dog?
what is the video offer of Shock?
what is the launch site of Little Joe
what are teams at Beresford Park?
What was responsible for the death of Carlo Ponti?
What is the name of the character who appeared in Greyhawk?
what is rated of Pyramid?
which is conference of Western Carolina Catamounts?
what type of product is Adobe Reader LE?
Who is creator of Andy?
what is the soundtrack of Love and Murder?
What is genre of book Home Fires Burning
One of games bolonging to Dynasty Tactics?
Release's cinematographers
What is the content in which Todd Terry appears?
on the team, what is the position of Colin Bell?
What is place of burial for Peter I?
What is the difficulty category of Sugarloaf Hill?
who is the author of Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk?
Which organization presents FIFA Ballon d'Or?
A Night in the Woods was shot at which place?
which is constellation for Spica
What are teams of Heritage Park?
name the product related to Valkyrie Profile?
what time zone is Siurgus Donigala right now?
who is executive producer for Collision?
Who wrote music for The Best of Everything
Who are the costume degisners of The Christening
What is Manhunter's original language?
Who directed A View From the Bridge
John Mullen produced what movies?
United States Customhouse's managements
who is an academic mentor to Mark M. Davis?
What is the name of the organization that has France?
who is owner for Wakefield Express
What is ability of Nami?
Who is director for The Steward of Christendom
Speak No Evil what series
Who is the publisher of A Wife's Guide to Inspiring a Great Dad?
state the position of Jim Miller?
what is famous adaptation of The Song of Lunch
what is biological classification for Iphigenia?
what space agency is Satoshi Furukawa on?
What was the rating of Greg Behrendt like?
Which type of award competition did Big Brother participate in?
name the game in which Colin Wilson participated
what html layout engine interfaces with Camino?
what stadium does Black Roses play in?
Who or what is Jenkins named after?
what is organization founded by Steven Smith
which place is Canning located at?
where was Golda published?
provide the video offer of Metalhead?
What caused the death of William Davidson?
what time zone is Neubrunn located in
How is Cody classified?
what is higher classification for Psidium?
What is region of Slovakian
who is instructor of Moved Permanently?
what are species of Firenze
Which is architectural style of Cedar Grove Plantation
what is star system at Procyon
which system has a central branch system of Belmont Public Library ?
what is genre for Martin
Screaming Lord Sutch corresponds to which season?
what language is used for Celestia?
What is the domain of Rakesh Agrawal?
what was the setting of Forgotten Realms?
What is Alfred Stevens's period
State the religion followed by Jesse Peterson?
What was the cause of death of Bill Walsh?
Who wrote lyrics for The Wizard of Oz
What was the program created by Christian Williams?
Where is mouth of Kettle?
what is sequel for The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest?
What is the scope of National Basketball League in which it operates?
what is a criminal act comitted by James Scott?
What is the next album after Phenomena?
Accounting for Tastes: Australian Everyday Cultures's cover is of which type of binding?
Who is designer of Main School
what is region of Asa
Manchukuo's type of government
which book edition was illustrated by Craig Thompson?
What is The Wall's adaptation?
Where is John Ackland's place of birth?
What is sport of Selección Peruana - FPF
What was the rating of The Art of Murder like?
What is division that Columbia Lions is a part of
mention the name of the character from Challengers of the Unknown?
state the type of release of Akale?
what is language for The Little Prince?
State the name of the album prior to Guitar Man
What star system is Portia in?
Camino was shot at which place?
What is sequel to Piranha
Name of place where Geoff Davies was born?
lyrics writers of The Hand That Feeds?
which episode precedes Bride and Gloom?
which subject was focussed on in WISE 2011?
William Hill's architect style?
name the program of The Affair
what is the genre of Fritz the Cat?
the lyrist of I Dreamed a Dream?
Name one of the season of The Choir?
on which link can What Do You Got? be played?
What was the langage Apt Pupil was primarily released in?
Plato developed which software?
Who is director of Sweeney Todd
What is children of Elvira Wayans
what is martial art of Joe Williams
state the gender of Manorama
Who is art director in The Tunnel
Where is place of death of William Peel?
what is The Sculptor's publisher?
field of study for Robert Townsend?
What was the name of the film for which the set deisgner was Jason Matthews?
Name the type of descriptor One Voice is
Who published Virginia?
What are stars of Hercules?
Who is the editor of The jungle book?
Name the album prior to Live from the Royal Albert Hall
What is rated for Godfellas
What is mountain range of Black Dome
what is David Evans's field of study
What is the descriptor on Cas?
Who is publisher for XS Airboat Racing
What is the genre of Inventions?
What is the catologe calue that corresponds to Felony?
Suez was issued by whom?
What is the currency used in Three Brothers?
What is summary of The other side
what are soundtracks for Chicago?
Who is Armageddon's art director
Directors of Fathers and Sons
name the actor starring in Wild at Heart
what is Lake Macquarie's island?
who is Sputnik's manufacturer
who was the letterer of Invasion!?
Masonic Temple's managements
Pimavanserin's class
which tournament was participated by Comet?
What type of campus does Moody High School have?
Where is the place of death of James Morton?
What is the genre of All in the Family?
Sidney's death was a result of what?
class of Naloxegol?
Which are outflow locations of Pyramid Lake
name the manufacturer of Famotidine 20 tablet
what is founder of Montage's
who is publisher of Rising Sun
What was the name of the first release of Malo?
What stadium does Medford Rogues play in
Who is executive producer for Drive
What is the currency used in Northfield?
State the religion followed by John Magee
what is movie that has Cliff Wright
to view details about Boobs! The Musical which actions must be clicked on?
What is the name of the place Halfway originated from?
of what language is Ubuntu?
Nick Foles's educational background
List of movies produced by David Harris
State the rating of Lindsay Elementary School
what movies did John Leslie direct
What cities does Han River go through
what is the cataloged value of First Comes Love?
What is specie of Rex
Which is spin off of The Price is Right
who is publisher of Naruto: Ninja Council?
what is ability of The Ringer
Which is architectural style of Woodlawn Cemetery
Who or what is Dolores named after
Name of place where David Sinclair was born?
What is the position of John Baker?
The Office is followed by whom?
where was The Strawberry Alarm Clock produced?
Who is story contributor for Parallel Lives
what is well known Minesweeper's ship
who is director for Five Guys Named Moe?
what are the names of Christopher Cunningham's parents?
Scintilla is in which computer software?
what is title song to Alphas
what is Division Street Bridge's locale?
what is the name of the sports team of University of North Texas?
state the genre of Mary Wilson
What is school district Mcbride Elementary School
name the school located in Wilson?
name who was U2 influenced by?
Who is owner for The Tribune
which are judicial capitals of Sikkim
name the broadcaster of Hank?
What is the name of one of the season of Da Ali G Show?
Breach is influenced by whom?
what is appearance of Don John?
Who is doctoral advisor of Paul Friedländer?
Another Tricky Day corresponds to which season?
Where is location of Millennium Bridge
What is name of place Jim George was born?
Oliver Twist was edited by whom?
what is the next step to be taken to play David Hayes?
Name the album prior to Hell to Pay
what type of descriptor is Undertow?
Where is the place of death of Ernie Herbert?
what is conference for Minnesota Golden Gophers?
What is spin off from The Xtra Factor
What was the rating of The Oscars like?
movies produced by Mick Thomas
Who is tv program creator for Ripley's Believe It or Not!
Rain's editors?
Who is The Great Escape's art director
on which link can Material Girl be played?
please list the game series for Raiden Fighters?
Who wrote music for Gerry
what is sequel for Concrete
What is name of creator of World Without End?
what is students for Yip Man?
To make a reservation at The Bistro, what is the action that must be taken?
What is sport of CIS
What is the download page on which Javelin can be downloaded?
which was the conflict Griffin Jackson deployed to?
What is th position on the team of Andreas Johansson?
asteroid groups for Ceres
Good Charlotte is influenced by whom?
Sprintec is used for
Which is architectural style of East Broad Street Historic District
what is the name of the computer videogame related to Dance Dance Revolution 2ndMix Dreamcast Edition?
What is adaptation of Waterloo Bridge?
Name the ethnic group to which Alexander Mashkevitch belongs?
What is architecture style for Gloucester?
Directors of Les Misérables
what is Assault's movement?
what is the page on which Liberty BASIC Workshop can be downloaded?
what materials are Beethoven made of?
A Temporary Thing's cover is of which type of binding?
what is Highlander's place of origin
which comic book has been lettered by Richard Moore?
where did Dragonfly originate from?
who is creator of Bling
What is name of place Michael McGowan was born?
What is sequel for Silence
In which position does Christian Cruz play?
Who is the person who designed The Light Thief's costumes
What is Griselda's place of first performance
which event preceded Men's Pommelled Horse?
what is sequel for The Matrix?
which is Philippe Perrin's space agency?
what is field hockey's competition won?
Who is director for The Complete and Condensed Stage Directions of Eugene O'Neill Volume 1: Early Plays/Lost Plays?
who developed Fedora?
What is the genre of Flashmob?
Specify the nationality of Florence Bell
which election was occured in Manchester Central?
in which city does Watertower exist?
in which short story did Gerry appear?
What is the name of the person who coauthored with Rakesh Agrawal?
who is manufacturer of Proton
state the scope of Dawn in which it operates?
Born to Be Bad's editors
Who or what is Kane named after?
on the team, what is the position of Lewis Allan?
What is the name of the person who coauthored with Herbert Simon?
Apple iPad Mini 4 WiFi has what supported electronic product?
in which state is Cobbosseecontee Lake located?
what is Saoirse's original language?
what is the keyword associated with Andrew Blake?
what is ride type for Big Dipper?
M-1's manufacturer?
Which company is game developer of Ashen
Director for Shadowlands
Which is architectural style of Union Church?
List of every movie directed by William R. Kowalchuk?
what is theme song of The Flintstones
What is the name of the terminus of The Dove?
Which is school color for North High School
Cinematographers of The Main Event
What is the language used in Hammer?
Who is director for Food of Love
Which episode precedes Bride and Gloom?
What is national capital for Mecklenburg
specify the platform on which Girls Like runs
Joseph Anderson's educational background?
what is the name of the sports team of Howard University?
what is prequel for Fergus
What is the name of the end of Skyliner?
state the name of the social network profile of Between?
name the language used in Satellite
Crimes of Passion's editor?
Where is place of birth for Antonio Joseph?
What is the major cities connected by A4 motorway
Antimony's periodic table block
Weber is named after whom?
who manufactured Dart?
field of study for Steve Schneider?
what is the setting of Krazy Kat ?
Who is director for The Hostage
state the name of the track of A Place in the Sun?
Who is director for Jumpers
specify the link on which No Roots can be played?
Manufacturers of Tempest
What is the industry of BioAgra, LLC?
Who maintains the structure State Highway 42?
What is the manufactured form of Famotidine 40 film coated tablet?
Which graphics card is installed in HP Elitedesk 800 G3?
Who is director of Indian Ink
which company is game developer for The Fall
Who has won Season 20
How to Train Your Dragon's works
name the domain of Michael Jordan?
which company developed Midori?
name the language used in Lady Samantha?
state the name of the social network profile of Absolutely Fabulous
which company developed Berry Linux?
Movie art directors of The Cardinal
Which is spin off for X Factor
Which type of award competition did Sister Act participate in?
what is the organization of Titania
What mascot is for Bismarck High School
what is type for R100
What is the catologe calue that corresponds to Sebastian?
what is Maelstrom's type of ride?
Where is the place of death of John Braden?
what is musical scale of Bright Eyes?
name who was Eckhart influenced by
What is school district for St. Mary High School?
What is rating of The Guardian
What type of product is ACN Navigate?
what is period for Joel Fletcher?
in which state is Douglas located?
Where is the place of death of John Drury?
what is the ranking for Travis Early College High School
who created BitTorrent?
B'nai Jacob Synagogue's managements?
what is famous saying of John Howe?
What series does Ovid among the Scythians belong to
Which are Surprise Lake's outflows
what educational institution has Webster University?
What is the sports team that takes second place in 2015 Stanley Cup Finals
What is the breed of Donkey
France is the legislature of which reginal government?
what is conference for Iowa Hawkeyes
who is author of Door to Door
Colgate Raiders is a part of which conference?
what is the religion of Henry Phillips?
what stadium does Cheshunt play in?
Name the album next, after At Dawn
What is the sport played by John Kelly?
What is the name of the soundtrack that belongs to This Must Be the Place
In which place did John Paul Jones die?
Please show one of the episodes of Lancer?
launch vehicle of Helios?
Point University has what type of sports team?
what is Magomed Omarov's weight division?
In which position does Craig Morgan play?
what html layout engine interfaces with Chromium?
what is the mascot's name of Southwestern High School?
what is Europa's star system?
What stadium does Mali play
who produced Gorilla?
Electronic Journal of Theoretical Physics presented which award?
What is place of origin for Boston Terrier
which is Caffeine's pregnancy risk category?
name the award presented by History of Science?
Who is music director for Marbles
which school is located in Arlington?
What is name of creator of Bling?
what is the language spoken in Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha?
in which place did Jim Hunt die?
what is period of Léon Riesener
What is the soundtrack of Sagar?
State the name of the episode which was written by Thomas Norman
state the name of the track of Cactus
ICC Cricket World Cup's host city
What is sport for Akron Zips
What is the next album after With Friends Like These?
Who is art director in Paula
Sony XPERIA S supports what type of memory card?
what is the bridge on Kupa
What is the genre of Caveman?
What is fight song for USC Trojans?
Special Ed' written work
what is star at Antares?
where is Avon located?
who is executive producer of Judy?
What is sport for Muncie Flyers?
What is the field of study covered in Bioethics?
Who is designer of Balboa Park?
name the location at which The Immortal Woman was held?
what time zone does Morbach live in
what is the original language for One for the Road
state the text describing the bried about Wreckage
directors of A Son, Come Home
What was the name of the track engineered by Humanoid?
A Question of Guilt's production company
What is the bridge going across Don
which tournament was participated by Paris Saint-Germain eSports?
Name of the governmental jurisdiction that has jurisdiction over United Arab Emirates
Who is architect for Harrison Hall
where was Sara shot at?
what is chemical series of Lead
What is rating for The War Zone
Who is director of The Bacchae
Mountain range of Mount Church
What is the name of the track of Into the Wild?
where was Immuron incorporated?
What is the name of the conference in which Denver Pioneers competes in?
what is the invention for Osteopontin-related compositions and methods?
Which game was published by Revolve?
what is the position of Mike Adams on the team?
What is genre of Bodyguard
What is the name of one of the season of Continuum?
What is place of cremation for Alan Turing
the first release of Steadfast was known by what name?
What is space mission of Philippe Perrin?
What is the composition for which Frank Foster was the creator?
What is the name of the final edited version of The Eighth Day?
Which is spin off for Life on Mars?
what is quote of Yu Cao
what is Scylla rated?
What is the former name for Boston Blazers
State Fields of Fire's reveiws
what is the basin country for Peconic River
which tournament was participated by Renegades?
what is genre for Slated?
Author of Value
Who is Richard influenced by?
what is Ham's space mission?
list of movies that David Powell was in
what is New Horizons's space program?
in which short story did Tempus appear?
What is the scope of Workers and Peasants Party in which it operates?
Who directed Soldier's Wife
Who is art director in Underground
what is the action that must be done to view the menu of Grind online?
which is Downfall rated
In which place did Henry Bailey die?
Directors of Sight Unseen
who are lyrics writers of Long Time Gone?
what is place of origin for Monopoly
What is branch of 35th Infantry Division
What is London Bridge's locale
specify the name of the program of Elixir
what is Jalil's appearance?
What was the name of the album prior to Moody Blue?
Where is place of birth for Markus Kuhn?
Body of water that Roman Bridge crosses?
Who authored V's Low-Fat Frozen Cheesecake?
which tournament was participated by Element?
Director for Take Me Out
Directors of A Small Family Business
Lamar Middle School's ranks?
Who does The Daily Star belong to?
in which state is Bloody Mountain located?
what is Henry Simpson's architect style?
What is space mission of William Gregory?
what is bridge type of Pegasus Bridge?
what team is winning team for 2002 FIFA World Cup
What software languages were used to create Sphinx?
What is the name of mascot of Yorktown High School
mention the price list of Everywhere?
Jailbait's organization?
What is name of theme song in Uch没 senkan Yamato?
What type of campus does Northwestern High have?
Which is color of Holy Trinity High School
State the name of the person who influenced Robert Wilson?
Who is director for Comedians
State what made Eratosthenes famous
Name the type of Auburndale Elementary School
What is Hohokam Middle School's district
who is scriptwriter for Yeomen of the Guard
who follows Razor?
who is Miss World's winner?
Directors of The Little Foxes
Who is the composer of Unlock'd
name the institution associated with Michael Jordan
What is name of place Joe Nickell was born
Who is Liste noire's story contributor
discovery organization for Pluto?
Who is an author related to Scott McLeod?
what is type of El Toro?
Who is architect of St. John's Episcopal Church and Rectory
mention an edition of Blue Thunder
What is the name of the award presented by Crash?
who is the set designer of Nocturne?
What are major cities at Route 6
star at Columba
What is the gender of Lynn Reynolds?
What is the album after In a Special Way?
What is the action that is required to be done to contact Cosmopolitan Hotel?
What is name of place where Craig Richards was born?
Mention the nationality of Tommy Charlton?
one of episodes of Love is Blind?
platform of Monster House
what is Thomas Jones's space mission?
Who is tv program creator of Daniela
name the consumer product under Reclipsen?
What is John Molloy's place of birth?
what is the name of Louis Williams's building
What does Chiron orbit around
What is grave Robert Campbell
what is punjab's legislative capital
what is Puli's appearance?
who makes Samsung Galaxy S Duos?
Crawford Notch's mountain range
name the event that preceded Women's 400 metres Hurdles?
what is David Scott's space mission
What is sequel to The Nutty Professor
the affected area of Tropical Storm Ignacio
Name of place where Peter Vaughan was born
who created B1?
Active ingredient in Margesic
What is name of author of Episode 2
name the location of 78741?
Which is a cut version for Two Hearts ?
Directors of Master Class
Who or what is Nassau named after?
What is the price list of ePrompter?
which is Maximum's rating
What is prequel for Plague Ship
what is ability of Jamie
Which track had Tommy Faragher as the producer?
What is Henry Marsh's place of birth?
what type of award belongs to competition The Biggest Loser?
what is The Card Players's art work?
which is religion founded by Milarepa
what is league of London Tigers?
what are the organization which has University of Virginia?
Name the audio that corresponds to The Invisible Hand
state the genre of Inventors?
who is contractor of Museum Tower?
what is movement of Dancer
what is type of religious building of Trinity Church
where is The Rocket circulated?
Who directed Saved?
Celluloid was an invention by who
Who is engineer of Grant Thornton?
Who is writer of Pandora's Box
mention the language that The Mill was primarily released in?
List of movies written by Diego Romero
What was the location at which World Grand Prix occured?
Where is place of birth for Rob Murphy?
who is the director of Trading Places?
name the video showing how to make Coleslaw
What is the ranking of the genre of Notebook?
mention the software developed by William Kent
name the game in which Derek Roy participated
