Does your child attend a school or RCCI that operates the National School Lunch or School Breakfast Programs in Indiana?
Are you over 25 and don't have children?
Is your EHC number is still up to date?
Are you receiving welfare payments?
Is the equipment for gaming like billiards, automatic bowling, casino games and slow machines?
are you under humanitarian protection or a relative of someone who has been granted it
Did you failed to report overpayment?
Have you paid more VAT than you’ve charged?
Are you planning to sell plants, seeds or bulbs within the EU?
Is it on either list?
Does the chemical have ozone-depleting substances, for example HCFCs
Did you commit benefit fraud for Industrial Injuries Retirement Allowance?
Are you sponsored to do a recognised foundation programme?
Are you able to fund your own recovery?
Is the time between 8:30 am to 5:00 pm local time?
Are you going abroad for a short period?
Does your sponsor has given the Home Office a written statement saying that they’re sponsoring you?
Do you have an Intra Trade Animal Health Certificate?
Are you working for a charity?
Do you asked for interpreter?
Is your browser set to allow Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)?
Is it under the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe?
Is the person 18 years of age or older?
Are you an EU national living in the UK?
Did you claim any reliefs other than private residence or letting?
Did you remarry or form another civil partnership before you reach State Pension age?
Are you over 18 years of age?
Do you own an Indian-owned businesses obtain commercially-reasonable financing from private source?
Was the property a business asset?
Are you a single parent?
Are you taking repayments from your benefits?
Are you a man claiming an increase for your wife?
Is it an emergency?
Did your spouse die before 6 October 2002?
Is this loan for your primary residence?
Have you  worked as a student union sabbatical officer to complete a qualification you started studying under your last Tier 4 (General) student visa?
Do you privately bill with the account?
Do you have good credit and earnings records behind the project?
Do you have licensing and accreditation?
Did you commit benefit fraud?
Have you been given leave to stay as a displaced person and you can get benefits?
Is the location within one mile of a marijuana retailer?
Is your child in approved training or education/?
Have you been living  in the UK for 3 months before you’re eligible to claim Child Tax Credit ?
Are you divorced from a person who receives Social Security retirement or disability benefits?
Is it a part-time leading to a qualification that’s at least level 7 on the Ofqual register
Is your partner over the age of 65?
Did you provide details for at least one of your staff?
Are you going to claim the State Pension later?
Are you 19 or over and in the first year of their apprenticeship?
Is this person the judge?
Did you sell your home?
Are you disabled?
Have you completed your first year of your apprenticeship?
is it a meal?
Did you just help someone complete their claim form?
Is the service games?
Is the benefit Industrial Injuries Exceptionally Severe Disablement Allowance (where a Disablement Pension is payable)?
Are you a parent with dependent children?
Do you use layby services?
Did you and your employer agree to your type of work and pay before you came into work?
Are you attempting to export food to Russia?
is it to start a business?
Did you meet the deadline?
Are you a a student doing work experience as part of a higher or further education course, of compulsory school age, a volunteer or doing voluntary work, or on a government or European programme?
Do you work at least 16 hours a week and your partner is entitled to carer's allowance?
Is it an administrative cost?
Do you have at least 3 years history owning or operating  a fishery or comparable project?
Is your total annual income more than your personal allowance?
Are you in Kosovo, Montenegro, Serbia, or Turkey?
Has your extended payment ended?
Are you exporting animal bones, protein and other by-products?
Are you a veteran who wears or uses a prosthetic or orthopedic appliance which tends to wear or tear clothing?
Are you under the age of 21?
Is the contract for payments below the minimum wage?
Is the benefit a Personal Independence Payment?
Do you work at least 16 hours a week and you’re disabled or aged 60 or above?
Are you a Native American/American Indian?
Do you follow financial and privacy laws?
Do you want to know about the new State Pension?
Do you have any VA rated service-connected conditions?
Is it the first 5,000 or dividends from company sales?
Do you need to figure out how your benefits will be affected if you start work?
Are you a paid agent?
Have you completed a Washington State Department of Health Medical Marijuana Authorization form?
is it motor vehicles for medical use?
Are you behind the wheel?
Is this animal animal is classed as B, C or D?
Are they controlled chemicals, for example those with a military use?
Did you die after you've reached the State Pension age?
Is this a council tax bill?
Are you taking more than 4 weeks of holiday in a 26-week period?
Does the charity or CASC get back more than you've paid?
Is this benefit Maternity Allowance?
Are you intercalated to a medicine, dentistry or medical science course you started studying under a Tier 4 (General) student visa?
Have you or your partner reached the pension credit qualifying age?
Is the loan for working capital?
Are you a prisoner?
Are you at the same level and related to your previous course or career aspirations - it must be degree level or above at a Higher Education Institution (HEI)
Are you at least 16 and under 19 on  31 August 2017?
Are you currently abroad?
Did you suffer substantial economic injury as a result of the declared disaster, regardless of whether the applicant sustained physical damage?
Are you an eligible small business?
Are you selling plants directly to the public?
Are you using Medicare Online for patient claiming?
Is your course a level 3 or 4 qualification?
Are you unhappy with the response?
Do you choose to opt out of sharing your immunisation history?
Are you a small business or private non-profit organization with sustained economic injury?
Do you need help with the form?
Is your child over 16?
Do you have a genuine link with the UK social security system?
Are you contacting Advice now?
Do you need long term financing for the cost of aquacultural facilities in the Northwest Halibut/Sablefish and Alaskan Crab Fisheries?
Have you recently updated your address or accommodation details with Centrelink?
Are you a member of the armed forces?
Are you returning to work after your child entered your care?
Did you give the correct notice?
Are you suspected of benefit fraud?
is it a child benefit payment?
Do you have a child?
Is the purpose of your business to buy and sell property?
Are you a satisfactory credit risk?
Are the energy-efficient improvements cost-efficient?
Are you experiencing family and domestic violence?
Are you an operator of record in Farm Service Agency or has an exception been granted?
Is this person a panel of experts - who they are depends on what the case is about?
Are you delinquent on a federal debt?
Are you a state?
Do you want to go into the armed forces?
Are you an American Indian student?
Are you of compulsory school age?
Are you Home Care level 10?
Are you a doctorate extension scheme student?
Are you claiming Winter Fuel Payments?
is the date of your claim the end of the tax year?
Is your plant listed on passport application form PHAR 3 (PDF, 1.22MB, 4 pages)?
Are you working more hours?
Are you in a core group?
Are you a pedestrian?
Is it an archaeological item?
Is it your Attendance Allowance?
are you A Veteran within one year of discharge from active dutyAny Servicemember or Veteran, eligible for VA educational assistance
Are you an EU business ‘distance selling’ to the UK?
Are you a private nonprofit organization?
Do you want to have the decision looked at again?
Are you eligible for Winter Fuel Payment?
Do you live in Cyprus?
Are you a volunteer or voluntary worker?
Do you have Home Care level 14?
Are you on leave?
Does your business have registration?
Are you activated for Federal service?
Does the estate show the person who died shouldn't have received the income-related benefits they were on?
Are you a UK resident?
Is it for more than 13 weeks?
Are you a non-resident of UK?
Are you aged 18-39 with breast symptoms with funds from Susan G. Komen?
Is it cropland?
Has it been 4 years or less since your date of registration for goods you still have or goods that were used to make other goods you still have?
Did you give proof you’re pregnant?
Are you the child of a Swiss national?
Are you selling medicine or ingredients for medicine?
Do you live in Malta?
Is the loan for construct, or improve a home on Native American trust land?
Is it medicine for humans or animals?
Is it bereavement payment?
Did you receive the income or gains outside the UK?
Do you have a good credit history?
Is this information about your savings?
Did you hire them?
Do you live in the UK?
Is your product truffles or goods containing truffles?
Are you under 15 years old?
Do you have a bank account?
Does your employer have to have work for you to do as long as the contract or arrangement lasts?
Is your child over 16 and has a baby?
Are you on maternity leave?
Did you make contributions  between 6 April 2002 and 5 April 2016?
Have you been inactive for 10 minutes?
Do you have an unconditional offer of a place on a course with a licensed Tier 4 sponsor?
Do you need long term financing for the cost of fisheries facilities in the Northwest Halibut/Sablefish and Alaskan Crab Fisheries?
Is the medicine a veterinary medicine classed as  ‘AVM-GSL’?
Are you providing a bulk billed service to a patient?
Will you be getting an equity loan?
Are you going to tribunal?
Do you live in Switzerland or a European Economic Area (EEA) country?
Are they self employed or paid through an agency?
Do you get Income Support?
Does the National Insurance contributions line has the letter D or N next to it?
Do you need to find out what benefits you could get?
Are you in Jamaica, Kosovo, Macedonia or Montenegro?
Have you failed to report changes within 30 days?
IS a deduction required for a short period of time?
Are you a low-income family?
Does your child weigh less than 40 lbs?
Are you responsible for a child under 18 years of age?
Have you committed or attempted fraud?
Are you a member of the staff?
Are you over the age of 16?
Was your baby born early?
Do you have accurate info about your income?
Is your property compulsorily purchased?
Has it been 6 months or less from your date of registration for services?
Are you a worker over 25?
Do you expect to be away for one year or more?
Are you 24 or younger and studying, an Australians Apprentice, or looking for work or sick?
Is your income under the limits?
Is it high quality lead crystal glassware?
Is it for a universal credit?
Do you follow the rules and guidelines set forth by the department in order to create compliant products?
Is your plant a fireblight host?
Do you get another income support payment?
Were you dishonorably discharged?
Are you a citizen of the United States or reside in the US after being legally admitted for permanent residence?
Were you paid?
Are you an American small businesses?
Are you under 18 years old?
Are you a service-connected Veteran who was a POW?
Do you occasionally do work for a specific business?
Are you an individually enrolled member of a Federally recognized American Indian tribe or Alaska Native group?
Are you based in other EU countries?
Are they luxury perfumes, toilet waters, cosmetics, make up and beauty products?
Is your business registered for VAT?
DO you possess legal capacity to incur loan obligations?
Has your child been born?
Are they an EU citizen?
do you have a sponsor?
Are youauthorised to talk to the Tax Credit Office about someone else’s tax credits?
Are you applying for HFRP?
Did you reach State Pension age on or after 6 April 2016?
Are you part of a family?
Is it more than 180 days before your original EAD expires?
Is this benefit a Pension Credit?
Are you in declared disaster area?
Are you a dad or partner?
Have you written to the Tax Credit Office to register as an ‘intermediary organisation’?
Did you win a sports award?
Have you reached the State Pension age?
Do you have low income?
Are you on the licensed premises of a retail marijuana establishment?
Is it a high quality tableware made from porcelain, china, stone or earthenware or fine pottery?
Is it a an overseas course ofdegree level study that’s equal to a UK higher education course and is being run by an overseas highereducation institution
Do you have a mortgage?
Have you gone into police custody during your maternity pay period?
Are you an American Indian/Alaska Native?
Have you committed Pension Credit benefit fraud?
Do you live in the UK and work in an EEA country (including Switzerland)?
Are you Register for Aged Care Online Claiming?
Are you a non-resident selling UK residential property?
Are you a man born on or after 6 April 1951?
Did the tool indicate that you qualify for this benefit?
Is it a legal rate?
Does Species+ say the animal is banned?
Do you need to borrow more than $1,392,000?
Are you living in a EEA country or one with an agreement with the UK?
Did your marriage or civil partnership with them begin before 6 April 2016?
Are you planning to come back to the UK?
Is your Housing Benefit covering your rent?
Do you have the Express Plus Medicare app?
Will you be exporting animal products outside the EU?
Is your application against national importance?
Are eligible to obtain a loan?
Were you looking after children under 12 and claiming Child Benefit?
Has the Social Security and Child Support Tribunal refused?
Is the service video on demand?
Is your business a partnership?
Is the business able to demonstrate repayment?
Are you using health services in different locations?
Will you be 24 or older on the first day of your course?
Are you within 1 year of obtaining a motorcycle licence?
Do you study at a publicly funded school or college?
Do you need a direct loan?
Do you want to receive educational benefits?
do you meet the eligible requirements?
Are you self-employed?
Were you active in the military?
Are you using bulk billing?
Have your plants been inspected?
Are you ‘subject to immigration control’?
Is this airport open to the public?
Are you going to occupy the property as your primary residence?
Are you in a rural community?
Have you gone over the distance selling threshold you supply to non-VAT registered EU customers?
Did you partner reach state pension age before April 6 2016?
is your plant at risk of xylella fastidiosa
Is the purchase for adaptive equipment, or for repair, replacement, and reinstallation of automobile equipment required because of disability?
Does an employer-employee relationship exist?
Are you still receiving the benefit?
Do you have a nonimmigrant visa that authorizes you to work for a specific employer?
Is it high quality leather goods?
Are you getting a Child Benefit for a child whose parent have both died?
Are you a low-income person?
Are you the appointee?
Did you exceed a claiming limit?
Is the interior floor area more than 6 feet by 8 feet?
Is your course shorter than 30 weeks?
Have you been living in UK less than 5 years?
Is this farmer able to obtain credit from the commercial lending sector?
Are you under 75?
Are you the tenant-operator or owner-operator of a family farm after loan closing?
Are you in the Channel Islands?
Are you eligible for it?
Are you over 25?
Do you meet principal carer rules and care for a child under 8 if you’re single or under 6 if you’re partnered?
Is the luxury good equipment for skiing, golf, diving and water sports?
Do you have a disability?
Will you be living in the UK on the first day of your course?
Do you have at least 10 qualifying years on your National Insurance record?
Do you have a sufficient farm management experience?
Do you have few expenses?
We you ordered to share your Additional State Pension with your partner?
Is this animal endangered?
Are you eligible for an income support payment?
Do you need long term financing for the cost of construction or reconstruction of fishing vessels in the Northwest Halibut/Sablefish and Alaskan Crab Fisheries?
Are you selling roots from an ornamental plant within the EU?
Are you sending it to another ‘protected zone’?
Have you told HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) about any changes to the following within 30 days?
Are you a service-connected Veteran who has received a VA disability rating?
Are you unable to obtain  credit elsewhere at reasonable rates and terms to meet actual needs?
Is it a pension contribution?
Do you consider yourself a high quality person?
Does your business have more than 30,000 brochures?
Are you a company director?
Have your circumstances changed?
Is the payment for a set timeframe?
Are you in Turkey?
Do you have very low income?
have you commited benefit fraud?
Do you think that an employer owes you payments from past jobs?
Did your spouse die before they reached their State Pension age?
Is this benefit a Disability Living Allowance?
do those other things apply to you?
Do you comply with the normal standards to sell fresh fruit and vegetables?
Do you wish to use other online services?
Are you age 65 or older as of December 14, 1999?
Do you meet other requirements?
Are you receiving a Carer Payment or Carer Allowance?
Are you a landowner, landlord, leaseholder, tenant or sharecropper?
do you you work outside the EEA and your employer pays National Insurance contributions for you
Is your average hourly profit from your self-employed work  less than the National Minimum Wage?
Is it equipment for making ‘talking’ books and newspapers?
Is your current sponsor a higher education institute (HEI)?
Is the period between sunset to sunrise?
Are you going to continue your course or study a new one?
Have you reached the target amount?
Do you meet all criteria and evidence?
Is your product caviar or a caviar substitute?
is the loan for real estate?
Do you have a VAT number?
Has it been more than 6 months since you received the CAS?
Does it include work done while in prison?
Are you going to use online claiming?
Are you a member of the Plant Health Propagation Scheme or the Seed potato Classification Scheme?
is your browser Google Chrome version 29+?
Do you need to qualify for the State Pension?
Was your character of discharge or release under something other than dishonorable conditions?
Did you register your bank account details first?
Did you reach your State Pension age?
Do you work less than 24 hours a week between you?
Does the business meet SBA size standards?
Is the organisation a charity or community amateur sports club (CASC)?
Do you have enough money to support yourself and pay for your course?
is it cutlery made from precious metal or plated or clad with precious metal
Do you want to obtain guidance on ffective use of VA benefits and resources to achieve education and career goals?
Do you meet residency requirements?
Has the Tax Credit Office admitted they made a mistake?
Are you in New Zealand?
Have you obtained your customer’s consent?
Are you in the USA?
Did you you take payments from a pension before taking the rest as a lump sum?
Are you an EU national or a family member of one?
Have you committed fraud on a benefit?
Is the item an ambulance?
Do you have a Green Card?
Is the  airport manager, or his authorized representative, shall be available during all hours of operation?
Is it controlled drugs (like opioids, certain stimulants or psychotropic substances), or chemicals that can be used to make them (‘drug precursors’)
Do you need information on income-related benefits?
Are you a seafarer?
Do you provide goods and/or services under the Household Goods Lease and Rental service reason?
Is this animal classed as B, C or D?
Are you selling any other plant ‘propagation material’ from ornamental plants within the EU?
Is the organisation a non-governmental organization trying to protect working agricultural lands and limit non-agricultural uses of the land?
Can you get SMP?
Is your self employed work commercial, regular and organised?
Is your browser set to allow JavaScript?
Are you an EU national living in the UK ?
Have you worked for your employer continuously for at least 26 weeks continuing into the ‘qualifying week’ - the 15th week before the expected week of childbirth?
Has your circumstances changed?
Did your employer run a contracted-out pension scheme?
Are you a resident of Indiana?
Do you pay your tax through withholding?
Is this benefit a Sure Start Maternity Grant?
Is the average hourly profit from your self-employed work less than the National Minimum Wage?
Do you owe past due federal taxes that you cannot pay?
Are you a female Vietnam Veteran?
Are you located in a disaster declared county?
Do you disagree with the response?
Are you single?
did you inherit it?
Have you taken paternity leave?
Are you approved to use Centrepay?
Did you just get out of jail?
Are you exporting a pure bred horse?
Is a cooperative prohibited by city, town, or county zoning laws?
are you Eligible for Supplemental Security Income (SSI) as of December 1999 and in the month you apply for special veterans benefits
Is the service software or ebooks?
Does your child attend a school that operates the Special Milk Program in Indiana?
Did you make certain purchases before you registered?
Is this child your son, daughter, foster child, brother, sister, stepbrother, stepsister, or a descendant of any of them?
Has it gone over the current registration threshold in a rolling 12-month period?
Is it rescue equipment?
Do you meet residence rules?
Is the service Home Care level 10?
Are you entitled an equal or higher retirement or disability benefits?
Are you widowed?
Will you keep records of your customer’s Centrepay payments for up to 2 years and store them securely?
Are you selling lifeboats and associated equipment, including fuel?
Are the expenses travel expenses of 12p per mile if you drive, plus 2p per mile for up to 2 passengers?
Are you an approved aged care provider authorised staff member?
Do you have a lot of medical costs?
Did your business sustain physical damage?
Do you or your partner get income from, or have assets outside Australia?
Do you need to suspend deductions for more than 13 weeks?
Did you get your licence more than two months ago?
Is your version of Internet Explorer version 9+?
Are you the qualifying patient?
Do you have access to HPOS?
Are you a for profit business?
Is it pearls or semi precious stones?
Are they responsible for an overpayment?
Will the improvement lower utility costs?
Are you looking for work in a European Economic Area (EEA) county?
Does your VAT taxable turnover falls below the de-registration threshold of £83,000?
Has it been more than 10 days since inspection?
Are you a derivative asylee or refugee?
Are you a refugee or migrant worker?
Are you a worker on government pre-apprenticeship scheme?
do you have a high school diploma?
Does a specific amount need paying?
Is the business for-profit?
Are you over the age of 19?
Are you the a son, daughter, or spouse of a Veteran?
Is the average hourly profit from your self-employed work is less than the National Minimum Wage?
Do you have your National Insurance number?
Is your sponsor an embedded college offering pathway courses?
Are you living and working in a religious community?
Do you have have £30,000 or less in all of your private pensions?
Do you want to use the app on multiple devices?
Do you have a disability or other medical condition that makes it unsafe or impossible to wear a seat belt?
Are you work shadowing?
Are you using Medicare Easyclaim for patient claims?
Is it a children’s car seat?
Will it be used for minor real estate repairs?
Are you looking after children?
Is the benefit Industrial Injuries Constant Attendance Allowance (where a Disablement Pension is payable)?
Do you have a contract or other arrangement to do work or services personally for a reward (your contract doesn’t have to be written)?
Are you a family farmer or fisherman?
Is the home you're buying a new build?
Do you own real estate?
Are you a lawful permanent resident?
Do you live in an EEA country or Switzerland?
Did you sell the equipment to someone buying it specifically for donation to one of these bodies?
Do you get an ncome-based Jobseeker’s Allowance?
Did you reach State Pension age before 6 April 2016?
Are you using processed animal proteins (PAPs) from category 3?
Are you a farmer removing environmentally sensitive land from agricultural production?
Did you last at least 4 weeks?
Are you applying to extend your stay to complete your studies because you’ve done (or want to do) a work placement or study abroad programme?
Do you have an honorable discharge?
Is the child from an Indiana family with low income according to the Poverty Guidelines published by the Federal government?
Are you a business owner?
Is your product high quality wines and spirits?
Are you  except for a child of military parent(s) assigned to permanent duty anywhere outside the United States?
Is the service broadcasting?
Is the value of the MREIDLs over $50,000?
have you received authority from Residential Care level 8?
Are you employed or self-employed?
Do you get certain limited benefits (for example reasonable travel or lunch expenses)?
Did you write the word Complaint at the top of your letter?
Are you an Indiana child in a family receiving public assistance (Temporary Assistance for Needy Families or Supplemental Security Income)?
Are you earning more money?
Can your  employer can clearly justify doing it?
Did you sell it for less than it was worth to help the buyer?
Is your dependent a Veteran or survivor?
Will the loan be used for minor real estate repairs or improvements?
Does your private pensions total more than £1 million?
Are you from Algeria?
Have you been offered a place on a course?
Have you started selling items that aren't exempt?
Are you lawfully present in the UK?
Did you return to the UK within 5 years of leaving?
Are you going to work abroad full-time for at least one full tax year?
Is your child in school?
Is your ex-spouse receiving Social Security benefits?
Is the organisation an Indian tribe trying to protect working agricultural lands and limit non-agricultural uses of the land?
Are you a resident in the UK?
Did you start your marriage or civil partnership on or after 6 April 2016?
Do you want to roll over your money to a private sector any time ?
Is today Monday to Friday?
Are you receiving Social Security, Supplemental Security Income, VA or other federal benefit payment?
Is your disability for which you are using the prosthetic or orthopedic appliance service-connected?
Is your sponsor  an overseas HEI?
Do you meet the eligibility criteria?
Does your employer pay UK National Insurance contributions for you?
Are you engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will provide employment?
Are you claiming them for your child and their baby?
Do you have documentation from a physician?
Can you pledge that collateral is available?
Are you a  farmers, associations of farmers, family farm corporations, Indian tribes, nonprofit organizations, public agencies, or associations of farmworkers?
Is the attachment less than 10MB?
Are you abroad?
Is it full-time, with at least 15 hours per week of organised daytime study, leading to a qualification which is at least level 3 on the Ofqual register
do they live with you?
Are you a share fisherman?
Do you think the amount you’re being paid is wrong?
Is your Medicare online account through MyGov?
Is your service registered?
Did you work at least 680 in your base year?
Did you take more leave than they’re entitled to?
If it medically appropriate?
Will your course last longer than 6 months?
Did you suffer losses in income due to inability or reduced capacity to fish as a result of the damage sustained by oil and gas obstructions on the U.S. Outer Continental Shelf
Are you a patient under the age of 18?
Are you a foreign worker?
Do you feel their has been unreasonable delays or mistreatment?
Are you on a low income and meet your energy supllier's criteria for the scheme?
Are you exporting outside the EU?
do you need relief from economic injury caused by the disaster?
Did you live in the home as your only or main residence at some point while you owned it
Are you unhappy with the final decision?
Is it an attendance allowance?
Do you need to figure out how to claim benefits?
are you able to get pension from them?
Is your business located in a disaster declared county?
Do you need help to develop educational program objectives?
Are there  adequate toilet facilities approved by the proper authority in the community in which the commercial airport is located?
Are you an independent contractor?
Is the location within the smaller of either: 1,000 feet of schools, playgrounds, recreation centers, daycare centers, or any facility restricted to people 21 years or older, or the area restricted by ordinances?
Are you in a country outside the EEA?
Is it 3 months before you start your course?
Is the sign inconsistent with local laws or regulations?
Are you going abroad for medical treatment for child?
Do you have a reasonable ability to repay the loan and other obligations from earnings?
Do you need insurance money?
Do you have income support?
Are you in the Phillipines?
Is the service telecommunications services?
Does the business deduct tax and National Insurance contributions from your wages?
Do you participate in a wide array of voluntary conservation projects for candidate, proposed, and listed species?
Are you or your family member enrolled in a federally recognized American Indian tribe or Alaska Native village?
Will it be used for machinery and equipment?
Did you buy your home just to make a gain?
Is it Monday to Friday, between 8:30am and 5pm?
Are you located in a declared disaster area
Are you working in the UK?
Did you make a false or misleading statement?
Do you live in Gibraltar?
Is the only one you own?
Are you in certain kinds of supported housing?
Are you moving the device within the EU?
Are you a federal benefit recipient?
Were you in the Reserves or National Guard?
Are you an Apprentice?
Were you married to that person for at least 10 years before the date the divorce became final?
Do you get the Working Tax Credit?
Is your trip is going to last longer than 8 or 12 weeks?
Is it damaged or destroyed personal property such as clothing, furniture, appliances, automobiles, etc.?
Is it high quality cigars and cigarillos?
Are you in a US territory
Is your EHC number still up to date?
Are you an agricultural producer?
Did you make a profit ('gain') when you sold (or 'disposed of') property that's not your home?
Did you agree to it beforehand?
Are you a nominee for someone?
Have you been convicted of benefit fraud?
Does your total annual income add up to less than your personal allowance?
Has the designated provider signed his or her own copy?
Do you live in certain countries outside of the UK?
Are you unreasonably refusing to take the similar job?
Are a serving member of the UK armed forces (or their spouse or civil partner or a dependent parent living with them) not resident in the UK and your course started after 1 August 2017
Does your supplier provide you with both gas and electricity?
Are you a worker on a government employment programme, such as the Work Programme?
Are you employed?
Are you in an EEA country or Switzerland?
Are you a federally recognized American Indian Tribe or Alaska Native group?
Are you an employee?
Is the course a recognised foundation programme as a postgraduate doctor or dentist?
Are you under 19?
Did you remarry or form a new civil partnership before reaching State Pension age?
Was it money paid for a 'Rent a Room' scheme?
Are you within a month of the date of your mandatory reconsideration notice?
Do you live in France?
Is it resuscitation training models
Are you under the supervision or control of a manager or director?
Do you export fruit, vegetables or other plants to be used as food?
Does your business provide relevant goods and services and meet the eligibility criteria in the Centrepay Policy and Terms?
Have you asked for mandatory reconsideration or took steps before the appeal?
Did you donate through gift aid?
are you located in a disaster declared county or contiguous county
Do you have a  service-connected disability?
Are you in or recently left local authority care?
Are you the driver of an off-road motorcycle?
Do you think you are being overpaid?
Are you a new government-sponsored student?
Is it below the rent a room limit?
Is the person a child who you paid or get child support for, even if they've turned 18?
Have you taken the Benefit Eligibility Screening Tool questionnaire?
Is this art work, collectors' pieces or antiques?
Has an importing company told you to have an inspection carried out?
Do you or a family member work in the UK or pay National Insurance in the UK because of work?
Did the person who died owe a repayment?
Are you not delinquent on federal debt?
Are you going to claim a state pension later?
Did you sell a lease or part of your land?
Did the veteran meet the basic eligibility requirements for S-DVI?
Did your doctor's practice help claim it?
Have you asked for mandatory reconsideration within the time limit?
Are you a woman born on or after 6 April 1953
Are you a combat veteran?
Are you the child of a Turkish worker?
Are you making a new claim for housing benefit?
Are the goods or services classed as reduced or zero-rated?
Are they a child uner 16?
Did they die while they were deferring their State Pension (before claiming) or they had started claiming it after deferring?
Have you committed benefit fraud?
Do you provide consumer credit services?
Do you have an ITAHC?
Do you take a large amount from a private pension?
Do they both live with you?
Are you contacting Citizen's Advice?
Have you received confirmation of acceptance for studies?
Are you a self-employed person running their own business?
Do you need reimbursement for medical care related to covered birth defects and conditions associated with a covered birth defect except for Spina Bifida?
Is it 25 years after you got the loan?
Do you wish to purchase, construct, or improve a home on Federal Trust land?
Are you leaving your job?
Do you have  a nonimmigrant status that allows you to be in the United States but does not allow you to work in the United States without first seeking permission from USCIS?
Do you want to improve existing conservation systems and adopt additional conservation activities to address priority resources concerns?
Do you get Universal Credit?
Do you live in a Universal Credit area?
Are you a Resident Care providers?
Are you on a government or European program?
Are you from Morocco,San Marino or Tunisia?
Do you have a total of 30 qualifying years of National Insurance contributions or credits?
Is the product being exported to North Korea?
did one of you reach pension age before that date?
Are you a higher and further education student on a work placement up to 1 year?
Do you get Disability Living Allowance (DLA) in your name and either Employment and Support Allowance (ESA) or Universal Credit
Are you within a month of the date of the decision you’re appealing?
Are you under 16 years old?
Are you anti-hawking?
Do you reside in an EEA country, Switzerland or Gibraltar?
Did your marriage or civil partnership begin before 6 April 2016?
Are you a  World War II Veteran as described above?
Did you defer for less than 12 months?
Does the business already have the internal resources (business or personal) to provide the financing?
is it motor vehicles for medical use
Did your spouse or civil partner die on or after 6 April 2016?
Does your self-employed work aim to make a profit?
Can they send someone else to do your work?
Are you otherwise eligible?
Did you become disabled while on training status?
Do you provide goods and services under the Household Goods Lease and Rental service reasons?
Have you made any charitable donations in the tax year?
Do you think it is your fault?
Have you been accepted or enrolled in an accredited degree program, college or university to study in the field of health care?
Are you residing or traveling abroad?
Is this an exempt or ‘out of scope’ item?
Is it coming from a place with fireblight buffer zone status?
Does your child have a baby?
Are you the passenger of a motorcycle or attached side car?
Does it involve an international case?
Were you net earnings from self-employment $400 or more?
Did they die before April 6 2016
Are you a business?
Are you Residential Care level 13?
Have you reached State Pension age if you were over 45 when you were entitled to Widowed Parent's Allowance?
Have you been living in the UK 3 months before your eligibility?
Are you on a low income or benefits?
Have they remarried since your death?
Have you  completed TC689?
Are all family members on the same Medicare card?
Have you received a Disaster Recovery Payment or another disaster relief payment for the same event?
Are you at least 62 years old?
Are you graduating health professional and have an intern position?
Is your browser set to allow cookies?
Did you see a message that said: you have successfully logged out?
Are you eligible and didn't get paid automatically?
Do you have internet explore 8 and below?
Do you get a Family Tax Benefit or Child Care Benefit?
Is this a personal independence payment (PIP)?
Are you applying for the first time to a new institution to complete a course you started at an institution that lost its Tier 4 sponsorship?
Is today Saturday?
Do you have a recognition care to purchase immature plants, clones, or seeds from a licensed producer?
Can that person manage their own affairs?
Do you ou think your tax credits are wrong or want to dispute a tax credits overpayment?
Did your childcare costs go up?
Are you age 65 or older?
Are there gaps in your National Insurance record?
Have they died within 90 days of topping up their state pension?
Are you a corporation, limited liability company or other acceptable business entity with no less than 51 percent ownership by Federally recognized American Indians or Alaska Natives?
Is this benefit an Employment and Support Allowance (ESA)?
Did you earn enough Social Security credits and are at least age 62?
Will you agree to not pass on the transaction fee to a customer and make sure the full amount of the transaction fee is covered by your Business?
Does it say it can say on your original decision letter?
Have you been selected for redundancy?
Is it to cover personal expenses?
Do you have info about your existing benefits?
Are you selling seeds from ornamental plants with the EU?
Are you sponsored buy a higher education institution on a level 7 or higher course?
Can this drug be used in lethal injections outside the EU?
Are you registered for VAT?
Are you a qualified dependent eligible for VA educational assistance?
Have you been living in the UK, Channel Islands or Isle of Man for 3 years before starting your course?
Is the benefit a Guardian's allowance?
Are you a business that sells only VAT-exempt goods and services?
Has your sponsor died?
Can your mother no longer manage their own affairs due to a medical condition or disability?
Do you buy, sell, transfer, give away or acquire retail marijuana or retail marijuana products?
Is this a gift to your husband, wife, civil partner, or a charity?
Have you committed any form of benefit fraud?
Is there a wind direction indicator consisting of either a wind sock, tetrahedron or wind tee located adjacent to the landing area?
Do you have 30 years of National Insurance contributions ?
Is the service Residential Care level 8?
Are the goods over 50 years old?
Did you ask for mandatory reconsideration (by letter or phone) within 1 month of the date of the decision.?
Do you give your employer the correct notice?
Is it in a reasonable commuting area?
Did you start new activities in the UK after you've left?
does your child have a birth defect?
Do you have a genuine link with the UK social security system, such as having lived or worked in the UK for most of your life?
Is your child be in registered or approved childcare in the UK?
Have you contracted out of the state?
Is the product caviar, caviar substitutes, truffles or goods containing truffles?
Are you a man born before 6 April 1951?
Were you born on or before 5 August 1953?
Are you working for a statutory body?
Are you in Serbia?
Would your partner have reached State Pension age on or after 6 April 2016?
Are you in an EEA country?
Are you a child who have limited income and assets?
Is your child immunised?
Are you lawfully present in the UK and a Turkish national?
Are your certified exports worth less than £5,000 in the last financial year?
Are you eligible?
Do you need financiak assistance with repair or rebuilding?
Is it carer's allowance?
Are you habitually resident in the EEA country or Switzerland?
Have you finished a recognised UK degree in medicine or dentistry?
Can you compress the attachment to less than 10MB?
Is the sign misleading, deceptive or false, or that is designed to appeal to a person under 21 years of age?
Is the item medical, veterinary and scientific equipment?
Will you live abroad between 6 April to 5 April of next year?
Are you working or preparing for work?
Are you a woman?
is it at an approved college or training provider in England
Are you named on the patient's medical marijuana form?
Are you registered?
Do you you get Income Support or Universal Credit in your name?
Have you reached State Pension Age?
Can you assure that you can and will repay the loan?
Do you have questions about completing the form?
Is it a manuscript?
Are you Residential Care level 8?
Will the loan be used for refinancing debt?
Are you on an unpaid training course?
Are you leaving the UK for holidays and business trips
Do you have eligible commodities?
Is it a resuscitation training dummy?
Is the benefit the War Pension Mobility Supplement?
Did you reduce  your share of a property that you still jointly own?
Did you enroll to receive hospital care, medical services, or nursing home care during the five-year period ?
Are you an employee and not a worker?
Is it for Vaccine Damage Payment?
Did you make donations through Gift Aid and claim Married Couple’s Allowance?
Does the airport meet physical description of airports and minimum airport facilities requirement?
Does your partner get benefits from another EEA country?
Are you an individual, a cooperative organization, corporation, partnershipp, or other legal entity organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis, An Indian tribe on a Federal or state reservation or other Federally recognized tribal group, or a public body?
Are you doing volunteer work?
Are you older than 1 year old and there are more people in the vehicle than seat belts?
Are you transgender?
Is there shall be a wind direction indicator consisting of either a wind sock, a tetrahedron or a wind tee?
Are you retired?
Was your home affected by a disaster?
Will you be 19 or older on the first day of your course?
Are you a national of Macedonia?
Are you purchasing or refinancing with an FHA-insured mortgage?
Are you entitled to an equal or higher Social Security retirement benefit based on your own work?
Are you on parental leave?
Are you a lawful permanent resident (Green Card holder)?
Have you or your partner reached Pension Credit qualifying age?
Do you live in Scotland or Wales?
is it bereavement support payment?
Are you a woman born on or after 6 April 1953?
Have you paid back the money?
Did you register for Aged Care Online Claiming?
Have you topped up your State Pension (between 12 October 2015 and 5 April 2017)?
Are you within the EU?
Did you go back to work?
Is this benefit a Diffuse Mesotheliomia Payment Scheme?
Do you want to decrease it up to 13 weeks?
Do you meet the other qualifying rules, eg work the right number of hours?
Has your wife reached state pension age?
Are you claiming Universal Credit?
Are you the spouse or child of a Servicemember insured under SGLI?
Has your parental leave been 4 weeks or less?
Are you exporting sugar?
Can you speak, read, write and understand English?
Were you caring for a sick or disabled person more than 20 hours a week and claiming Carer’s Credit?
Has it been within 2 years from the date of the Veteran's death?
Do your child have a baby?
Are you leaving the UK to live abroad permanently?
Is the item for a service provided to someone who isn't on your Medicare card?
Do you perform services that can be controlled by an employer?
Are you a farm laborers, including persons whose income is earned in aquaculture (fish and oyster farms) and those engaged in on-farm processing?
Is the land private land or Tribal land that will restore, enhance or measurably increase the likelihood of recovery of a threatened or endangered species and must improve biological diversity or increase carbon sequestration?
Do you meet regulatory requirements?
Have they entered the UK on a Youth Mobility visa or student visa?
Have you taken SPL?
Is the payment more than $19,817?
Is your reward for money or a benefit in kind, for example the promise of a contract or future work?
Are you in Bosnia and Herzegovina?
Did you qualify via the U.S. Social Security Administration’s (SSA) Benefit Eligibility Screening Tool questionnaire?
Did you receive and overpayment?
Are you not working because you are sick or disabled?
Is your sponsor an independant school?
Does your course start before 1 August 2016?
Will you have other payment methods to give your customers options on how they want to pay for goods and services?
Is the application within one year after incompetency ends?
Have you lived in another country?
Are you a UK national or someone with settled status by live elsewhere in the EEA?
Do you have a Unique ID?
Is your business’ VAT taxable turnover  more than £85,000?
Did the veteran die before the appointment of a guardian or within two years of such appointment?
Do you work in a different country than the UK?
Do you need a microloan for six years?
Did you  take maternity, paternity, adoption or parental leave?
Is this person your representative (if you have one), such as a lawyer, friend, family member or someone from an advice centre?
Are you a registered provider seeking acces to medicare benefits for the first time?
Do you work for yourself?
Was your baby stillborn after the start of your 24th week of pregnancy?
Do you have a PRODA account?
Is your child in an institution that has the Special Milk Program?
Do you have livestock or poultry?
Do you want to follow 3 steps?
Do you have your provider number and Medicare eligibility?
Does the fee deduction come from the payment made to your business?
Is it signed by the person or person you are representing?
Is it the sixth year?
Are you taking  Shared Parental Leave?
Are you an offshort worker?
Was the ACCR submitted by paper or as an NSAF?
Did you sustain physical damage?
Are you 16 or over?
Are you in the Channel Islands??
Do you have a birth defect?
Do you have fewer than 30 qualifying years?
Do you need  financial and technical assistance to help conserve agricultural lands and wetlands?
Will you be abroad?
Did you donate straight from your wages or pension?
Is it full-time, with at least 15hours per week of organised daytime study, leading to a qualification which is at least level 3 on the Ofqual register
Have you exceeded the daily and monthly claiming limits?
Do you live in England?
Have both you and your partner reached State Pension age?
Are they for scientific research, if they’re family heirlooms or valuable artworks?
Do you only study part time?
Are you elderly?
Are you going abroad for medical treatment for yourself?
Were you affected by Hurricanes Irma or Maria?
Is the project fully secured with your assets?
Do you get Statutory Paternity Pay
Does the country you’re exporting to specify a time limit?
Are these chemicals mixtures (also called preparations)?
Are you a non-resident?
Do you get the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit?
Is it an accredited and legislatively designated 1994 Land-Grant Institution?
Are you an apprentice
Did you need a loan over $2 million?
Do you receive the Universal Credit?
Are you on leave from work to help care for your new child?
Do you get income-related Employment and Support Allowance
Is it a work of art, furniture, antique, or means of transport?
Are you following a European Union programmes: Leonardo da Vinci, Youth in Action, Erasmus, Comenius?
Has the patient signed his or her copy of the authorization form?
Do you you work at least 16 hours a week and your partner is incapacitated (getting certain benefits because of disability or ill health), is entitled to Carer’s Allowance, or is in hospital or prison
Did you sell other chargeable assets in the tax year?
Did you tell the office you're going abroad?
Is your loan for less than 300,000?
Are they claiming tax credits for themselves?
Do you export animal bones, protein and other by-products?
Not enough information.
Do you live in a country without a 'double taxation agreement' with the UK?
is your course at an approved college or training provider in England?
Are you the spouse or a dependent child of a Servicemember (Active duty or Ready Reserve) who has full-time SGLI coverage?
Did you sell the equipment to charities that provide rescue or first aid services to humans or animals?
Do you own a business or private non-profit organization?
Did you get authority from Home Care level 10?
Do you get Statutory Maternity Pay?
Do you get an industrial death benefit?
Are you continuing your medical, dentistry or medical science degree after completing an intercalated course?
Has the manager shall file a notice to airmen with the Federal Aviation Administration designating any changes in airport conditions that may effect safety?
Do you have more than the lifetime allowance of £1 million in pension savings?
Do you have refugee or asylee status?
Are you over 75?
Are you a son, daughter, or spouse of a servicemember who is hospitalized or receiving outpatient treatment for a service connected permanent and total disability?
Is the service downloadable music?
are you exporting rice?
Did you receive a letter stating that you were overpaid?
Are you no longer eligible to be VAT registered?
Do you live in Macedonia?
Do you work for someone else?
Are you a new health professional registered with the Australian Health Practitioner Regulation Agency?
is it high quality clothes, clothing accessories and shoes
Are you in a couple?
Do you have an Export Health Certificate (EHC)?
Does the business provides materials, tools or equipment you need to do the work?
Do you have a job?
Is your ex-partner is ordered to share their Additional State Pension or protected payment with you?
Are you in Israel?
Does you deduction have an end date or target amount in place?
Are you qualify for Private Residence Relief and have a chargeable gain?
Have you  worked in Indiana during the past 12 to 18 months?
Are you a woman born before 6 April 1953?
Is the product a hand knotted carpet, hand woven rug or tapestry?
Do you need a loan for longer than 25 years?
Is it rangeland?
Did you claim benefits you're not entitled to on purpose?
Are you an apprentice, trainee, worker on probation, disabled worker, or an agricultural worker?
Do you get Statutory Adoption Pay?
Are you re-sitting exams or repeating modules?
Are you already getting bereavement benefits when you're moving abroad?
Do you voluntary pay National Insurance?
Did you claim asylum before 5 February 2006?
Are you a UK national living in the EU?
Do you or your partner qualify for Pension Credit?
Are you a homeowner or renter?
Did you pay married women’s or widows’ reduced rate National Insurance?
Do you have a child under 5 living with you?
Are you unable pay National Insurance contributions?
Do you meet the residency requirements?
Have you taken less than 26 weeks of maternity leave?
Do you get the disabled child amount in your claim?
Is your EAD expiring or has it expired?
Are you a disabled adult?
Do you have an income?
Are you a landowner?
Is the person the other parent in your child support case?
Do they have their own private room in the house, free of charge?
do you want a zeo risk?
Do you have a child through surrogacy?
Can you show that you cannot afford the home?
are you an eligible veteran?
Will you submit your update within 15 minutes of starting it?
Did you receive financial support for your children through Income Support or income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance?
Have you taken the U.S. Social Security Administration’s (SSA) Benefit Eligibility Screening Tool?
Was your child due or placed for adoption on or after 5 April 2015?
Is the child unmarried?
Will the loan be used for normal operating expenses?
Is it between 9am and 4pm?
Are the chemicals highly restricted chemicals outside the EU?
Are you a couple?
have you spent time working on a ship outside the UK?
Is the item goods for disabled people?
Do you demonstrate compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act?
Are you able to get financing from other resources?
Will you work in the UK for more than 30 days?
Do you have special circumstances or income?
Do you have cooling-off periods?
Is the manager is full compliance with their duties?
Do your losses exceed 2 million?
Have you registered your premises?
Does it prepare for career or higher education opportunities in the food, agricultural, natural resource sciences and human sciences?
Did you deliberately not report a change in your circumstances while abroad, like buying a property, working, or claiming a pension or benefit from another country?
Are you an intermediary organisation?
It is for Winter Fuel Payment?
Did you work in Washington state or were discharged from the military?
Was a fixed rate negotiated between the lender and the applicant?
Do you need to assess your vocational interests, aptitudes, and abilities?
Were you in prison for the whole week between 18 to 24 September 2017?
Do you have cropland, grassland, prairie land, pastureland, rangeland, nonindustrial private forest land, or agricultural land?
Is it for Jobseeker’s Allowance?
Did the veteran  apply for S-DVI because of a continued mental incompetence due to a service-connected disability?
Is your baby is due or did you adopt a child on or after 5 April 2015?
Do you have statutory Sick Pay?
Are you expected to live less than a year because of serious illness?
Is it a an overseas course of degree level study that’s equal to a UK higher education course and is being run by an overseas higher education institution
Do you get Personal Independence Payment (PIP) in your name and either ESA or Universal Credit
Are you completing a PhD or other doctorate that you started studying under your last Tier 4 (General) student visa?
Are you registered for Aged Care Online Claiming?
Is the land farmed or converted wetland that can that can be successfully and cost-effectively restored?
Are you in the UK?
Did you nominate a property as your main home?
Are you moving category 1 or 2 animal by-products?
Was the property a gift (there are different rules if it was to your spouse, civil partner or a charity)?
Have you cancelled within 30 days of no longer being eligible?
Is this a child?
are you a rancher?
Do you have a Medical Marijuana Authorization from a healthcare practitioner?
Are you an individual?
Are you divorced?
Have you authorised them to enquire, act or get payments for you?
Are you an authorised intermediary?
Did you reach State Pension age?
Have you left?
Does your child claim tax credits for themselves?
Are you a homebuyer or homeowner trying to save money on utility bills?
Do you earn on average at least £113 a week?
Are you on maternity, adoption or paternity leave?
Do you get Family Tax Benefit Part A?
Do you want to address barriers that may impede success in training or employment?
Can you make a new claim for Working Tax Credit?
Are you a Home Care provider?
is it a charity donation?
Are you a transitioning Servicemember within six months of discharge from active duty?
Are you a company, agent, trustee or personal representative?
Do you work for a UK employer in the European Economic Area?
Do you get Pension Credit?
Do you have expenses and study full-time on a course of at least 30 weeks?
Do you prescribe or dispense controlled substances?
Are you married to a Native American non-Veteran?
Did you work in Washinton state during the past 18 months?
Are you the designated provider?
Is it in Wales?
Are you a veteran?
Do you have a child with a disability?
Is it a business good used for personal reasons?
Are you a carer or person with a disability?
Is this benefit a Compensation Recovery Scheme (including NHS recovery claims)?
Are you divorced from the deceased spouse?
Are you working for a voluntary organisation or associated fund-raising body?
Has the council contacted you?
Are going to the hearing?
Is the loan for a Farm Labor Housing Program?
Did your benefits stop or go down?
Do you live in Greece?
Do you want to explore career opportunities?
Are you authorized to work in the United States because of your immigration status?
Do you work for a UK employer in the EEA or Switzerland?
Did your residence suffer sustained physical damage?
Did your family or work life change?
Are you getting a Pension Credit?
Are you in residential aged care or are getting a home care package?
Do you plan to export the same type of product again?
Did your baby die after being born?
Do you want to engage in a business that Improve the economic or environmental climate
did you own it before April 1982
Are you an accredited 1994 Land-Grant institution?
Is the organisation a state or local government trying to protect working agricultural lands and limit non-agricultural uses of the land?
Are you using a learner's permit?
Is it a travel expense to cover your fare if you get there using public transport?
Has your partner died?
Are you the child of a Vietnam Veteran?
Does the chemical have radioactive substances?
Was the property your home?
Are you a commercial fisherman?
Were you dishonest in order to get benefits, like continuing to claim the pension or benefit of someone who has died overseas?
Is it 10,000 or less?
Do you have a reasonability to pay the loan and other obligations?
Do you have authorizatio from your health care provider?
Do you meet the eligibility requirements of this visa?
DO you reside in one of the 50 States, District of Columbia, or the Northern Mariana Islands?
Are you single, divorced, or have dissolved a civil partnership?
Are you a homeowner?
Does the total value of non-exempt goods and services exceed the VAT taxable turnover threshold?
Have you received this payment before?
Are you at a higher academic level than your previous course?
Does it involve a municipality?
Are you a couple applying together?
Is there a public telephone?
Has your parental leave been unpaid?
Will you notify us of any changes to your Business or the goods and services you provide?
Is this a general aviation commercial airport?
Is it a non-sales item?
is it coins and banknotes that aren’t legal tender?
Do you work part-time?
Have you caused FSA a loss by receiving debt forgiveness (certain exceptions apply)?
Are you able to work and available for work each week that you are collecting benefits?
Are you returning to work for the first time since the birth of your child?
Do you have limited income and assets?
Is it for an Employment and Support Allowance?
Are you a service-connected Veteran who was awarded the Purple Heart Medal or Medal of Honor?
Are you moving?
Do you think you have overpaid?
Are you a mail carrier and in the process of delivering mail?
Is it for Income Support?
Are you age 21 or older?
Does the form have the notice 'This form can be uploaded through HPOS'?
Do you pay a carer or personal assistant directly, even if you get money from your local council (‘direct payments’) or the NHS to pay for them?
Are you pregnant?
Is it a controlled drugs like opioids, certain stimulants or psychotropic substances?
Are you Residential Care level 8 and Home Care level 10?
Is it child maintenance (sometimes known as ‘child support’)
Did you receive preauthorization for travel outside of the commuting area?
Are you a family farmer?
do you have enough money to support yourself and pay for the course?
Is it a maintenance payment?
Do you live in an EEA country (including Switzerland) and work in the UK?
Do you believe these changes will affect your benefits?
Is it a business sale - for example when you sell goods and services?
Are you appealing a decision about Housing Benefit?
Do you need to qualify for certain benefits?
Is your loan less than 1,392,000?
Is your drug controlled?
Are you from Macedonnia?
Will you apply for your plants to be tested?
Do you have a way to handle complaints and resolve disputes with your customers?
Have you fully completed and printed required forms?
were your certified exports were worth less than £5,000 in the last financial year
Do you need to receive more than the full amount?
Did you experience economic and property losses caused by oil and gas obstructions on the U.S. Outer Continental Shelf?
Have you been in prison or psychiatric confinement for 14 days?
Are you an Indiana child in foster care?
Are you in Barbados?
Do you experienced damage to your business?
Did your spouse or civil partner reach (or would have reached) State Pension age on or after 6 April 2016?
Were you working as a registered foster carer and claiming Carer’s Credit?
Are you a driver under 18 years old?
Do you want to check if the correct minimum wage has been paid?
Have you at least a minimum amount of wages as determined by our guidelines?
Did you sell business premises or land?
Are you discharged or released from the active military?
is it a loss of earnings?
Are you a US citizen?
Will it be used to refinance debt?
Does the vehicle have a taxable gross weight of 55,000 pounds or more?
Are you a Commissioned Officers of the Public Health Service and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration?
Is this person the government department or council’s representative (known as the ‘presenting officer’)?
Are these bulk billed services?
Do you believe that you have been overpaid?
Is your browser Internet Explorer?
Are you receiving a UK civil service pension?
Do you only have a limited right to send someone else to do the work (subcontract)?
Are you a fisherman that operates on the U.S. Outer Continental Shelf?
Do the chemicals have military or potential military uses?
Have you received certain benefits continuously for at least 26 weeks right up to the time when you went back work?
Are you not eligible for the full amount?
Was the property occupied by a dependent relative?
Are you an au pair living with the family you work for?
Do you get Maternity Allowance?
Will you be living in the UK for at least one day during the week of 18 to 24 September 2017 - this is called the ‘qualifying week’?
Are you experiencing financial hardship?
Do you think that you are not receiving the correct minimum wage?
Are you qualified for a home purchase or refinance under FHA's minimum credit requirements?
Is your course full-time leading to a qualification that’s at least level 6 on the Ofqual register?
Are you going through a difficult time?
Did your income goes down by more than £2,500?
Are you a veteran who uses medication, which a physician has prescribed for a skin condition that is due to a service-connected disability and causes irreparable damage to the Veteran's outer garments?
Is it bereavement allowance?
Is it after Dec. 23, 2006?
Are your goods antiques made before 1947?
Are you a Veteran?
Do you have an advance parole document?
Are you not a UK national but you’ve lived in the UK for at least 20 years (or at least half of your life)?
Does the manager shall submit a list of federal aviation registration numbers twice yearly to the department in May and November of all aircraft based at his airport?
Does the manager shall display the local traffic pattern, airport traffic safety rules, any noise abatement procedures, and any special orders relating to the airport and its operations at a prominent location on the airport?
Did you get in-kind help like new electrical goods or food?
Is the purchase for an automobile?
