Hi Eric,  Thank you for posting your query in Microsoft Community.  Try to uninstall and re-install and check if the issue still persists. Step to completely uninstall Skype for Business http://community.skype.com/t5/Windows-desktop-client/Completely-Uninstall-Skype-For-Business/td-p/3961381   Hope it helps.
Hey there, just did a factory reset on my Dell XPS and have the same problem.  Did you find a solution in the end or did you go down the route of booting from a downloaded ISO?
Do you already have an Operating system installed in Legacy mode? If so switching to EUFI mode will stop the OS from booting. You will have to have a EUFI bootable drive to install an OS like Windows 10. Yes the benefits are that 2TB and bigger partitions are supported as well as supporting fast boot. EUFI is faster and more efficient than Legacy. Hope that helps!
Hi Tyler, getting back to you again.  I read most of your Article and also saw the UTube presentation. Your Article is very detailed, technical in many ways for a layman like me but very direct on the subject. Thanks for that.  The current HDD is just 500GB. I'm thinking of replacing it with 1TB or a bit higher. In that case, I suppose, I can start: resett the BIOS to UEFI, shut down the PC, connect the HDD, install the W10 Pro using the MCT (USB stick).  And in the end, reinstall all the software I need. Is this sequence of the events right. Please let me know if I have missed anything.   Dear MikeAustin, please note, for your help I received, this response/query comes to you too. Thanks.
Hi,  Shane issue may occur due to corrupted files after the update. In order for us to know more about the issue please answer the question:   In the meantime, we recommend running System File Checker. It contains troubleshooting steps pertaining to the issue.  We look Forward to your response.
To properly get answers to your post you should include some minimum information.  1.  Device type. ie PC, Laptop, Tablet, Surface.  2.  Who made it and model.  3.  OS type, Home, Pro, Enterprise, etc  4.  Current build.  Go Settings, System. About. OS build XXXXXX.XXXX  5.  For Insiders also include the rs3_release or the rs_prerelease.  6.  Where is this happening on the computer,  Boot, Screen, App, etc  7.  What error are you getting if any? . What Oct 1 update?
What update? What build are you currently on?
Hello Shaun,   Thank you for replying. The only ASUS component I have is the monitor. Do you mean the MSI motherboard sounds like the fault to you?
Hello, We suggest that you post your concern regarding the blue screen error you're getting on Microsoft TechNet forum to get assistance from the experts. They can help us analyze the dump file that you have so that they can identify the driver that's causing the conflict. Don’t hesitate to inform us if you have any other concerns.
Thanks for the reply.  I tried the clean boot. I experienced the keyboard problem again within minutes.  Windows Update says my device is up to date. I tried manually downloading and installing one of the updates, and had an error that is was already installed.  As I said, Toshiba does not list a keyboard driver for my model of computer. You can see this yourself by following the link you sent me. I have been unable to find any compatible Windows 10 keyboard driver. It's entirely possible that replacing the driver with a good driver would fix the problem--if I could find one.  Any other ideas?
I tried updating the BIOS. I ran into some issues, but once I search Intel's site for and downloaded their intel chipset driver, I was then able to successfully install the windows BIOS update from Toshiba, going from 1.3 to 1.4.  I rebooted the computer and immediately experienced the keyboard problem again.  Then, just a few days ago, there was a Windows 10 Update available--I had already checked for updates several times last week, so this was only published very recently, after I had started this thread. I installed that... and it seems ok! So far I haven't had any keyboard issues. I'm worried that it may come back (again, the problem occurred randomly) but after trying it for a couple days I think and hope the computer is fixed now. Yay! Perhaps this latest Windows 10 update did the trick. Or maybe I needed the combination of a BIOS update and a Windows update, who knows? I'm just happy that, for now the keyboard is working.
How do I get this device to install on a Windows 10 machine? 
I upgraded to Windows 10 Pro from Windows 7.  I do not remember receiving any key for MSW 10.  I am building a new computer and wish to continue using my 10 OS.  How do I do this?
How does one turn off the automatic updates?  Microsoft automatic update fails every single time AND it locks up my computer for hours...warning me to not turn it off until it completes...which it never does!!!  Error is something to do with DRM.  Microsoft Windows disables my computer and I cannot stop it.  HOW DO I TURN OFF THE AUTOMATIC UPDATES!!!!
Thank you for the information. Just to confirm, are you still experiencing the said issue?
I don't understand Christine,  The files I'm restoring are only data files (not a system image); .doc, .pdf, .mp3, jpg, mp4, etc. I'm downloading them to my desktop and then moving them individually (not the containing folder) back into the new installations Libraries. The ini file I'm talking about is from the restored files. Why do I need that? Isn't that going to confuse my new Library?   Edit- Don't I feel like the village idiot. No, I don't need it; for what I'm doing anyway. I just deleted them. So this can be marked as the answer should someone have the same question.
Thank you SO much for replying so quickly, Michael.  The only folders I have in Dropbox are shown below: This shows that my Onedrive is not synced with the dropbox :(  Should any files with a period (.) be in the users folder? Can they be deleted?  Would you recommend a System Image as a back up of my whole laptop?  Thank you in advance  
Thank you again Michael.  Where would I move any folders in my back up with a period (.) to? Program files?  Unfortunately, I do not have an external drive and I suppose I would need a flash drive with a HUGE memory or a LOT of DVDs if it was possible to do it that way :/   I am sure I will be able to find out how to sync the drop box and the onedrive and how to use the onedrive for my File History backup either online or from Microsoft's site.  Thank you again for your help. I am sorry if my questions are naive but I really am not computer literate :(  
Dear Sir/Madam, I cleared all data from the quick access. Then I also deleted the data from recycle bin. I tried to recover data using restore folder but it wont be possible:( Can someone please help me to restore files and folders. Thank you in advance Michael.  
Hi Lisa  Thanks for your reply. My laptop is an Asus rog series GL551JW. I have not tried to install the updates manually. I'll try it out. However I do have a follow up question. I noticed that another app is unable to update due to same issue which is no internet. What could cause this issue? The app I'm pertaining to is the Steam app.   Thanks again. 
Hi, thanks for replying.  As far as I'm aware I never had the earlier Microsoft Office on my PC.  The Word came from an old Works Disk that I got with an even older pc back around 2005.    And I'm not aware of having two versions of Office running at once.  As I said, though I'm not very computer-savvy so How would I check to be sure?
Hi, I just checked and only version of Office is the new one.  However I saw Microsoft Works from back in 2012.  Is this connected?  I was going to remove it but then thought better of it as I didn't want to do more harm.
Hi Jose,  Since the feature that you are looking for is no longer available in the Windows 10 Creator's Update, we encourage you to submit this using the Feedback Hub. You can either vote on an existing submission or submit a new issue. When you submit a feedback item, we gather additional details and information about your issue that will help determine what’s causing it and address it. Feedback items regularly receive Microsoft responses on the submissions in the Feedback app so you can see what we are doing about your feedback. Please revisit frequently to see the status of your feedback items.    In order to submit new feedback, please follow these steps:   Should you need further assistance, don't hesitate to get back to us.
fixed. Now xbox says cannot sign in "we can't sign you in right now. Try again later (0x406)
Currently waiting on updates, but I've ran through the parts of the checklist that are not beyond the scope of the problem.    Here is a picture of the issue, thank you for your assistance. https://i.imgur.com/snFbnSK.png
Thank you Natalie for the tip.  Unfortunately, pausing downloads wasn't an option because they were constantly in progress and the "pause" button was greyed out all the time.  New user account is not something I wanted to do either, and at this point is not an option - my problem has progressed into a whole new one. I did try the powershell reinstall, which gave me a bunch of errors basically saying it could not find the package.  I tried to uninstall the latest update, and after I did that and ran a new update, I have no Windows Store anymore.  None.  Nowhere.  Can't even reinstall.  Gone.  So the new problem is - how do I install just the Store?
I wish that were an option.  after I tried troubleshooting, numerous updates and scannows, I guess Windows decided that I'm not worthy of a store and dumped it somehow.  It's no longer available to me at all.  Any idea on how to install it again?  Update didn't work, and full reinstall is not an option at this time - I can live without buying through the Windows Store.
I went to the Realtek website and downloaded the drivers and it seems to be working fine. I fiddled with the discord sensitivity and it seems to be registering sound (though I do not know what the quality is quite yet). The indicators when I visit the sound menu still do not move when I speak but, so long as other apps get something, I'm okay with it. Do you know why the High Definition Audio Device drivers may have disappeared? I don't need them as whatever problems I had with Realtek have gone away or been patched but I am curious as to how they went away. Thanks for the help!
Hi Dave,  We noticed that the post has been idle for a while now. Do you still need assistance with the issue you're experiencing? If you still do, please provide us the information being asked by Lindsey Fuj so we can help you better.  We're looking forward to your response.
Hi there,  We can see here that you marked our post as answer. We would like to know if the issue is now resolved using the suggested steps? 
When the problem is resolved, will I receive all the extremely important emails that were sent to me today and which I didn't receive?
Chase,  Thanks for the 5 year old link. It was interesting to read what was available 5 years ago. Unfortunately, that blog was talking about moving from the Hotmail interface to the then new outlook.com interface. The only thing that is still relevant now is that you can add an @outlook.com alias to a Hotmail account. The rest of the article is not correct. Renaming an account has not been available for 3 years. Switching from the Hotmail interface to the outlook.com interface has not been available for 4 years. With the switch to Office 365 servers, Outlook Connector no longer works. The limits on the number of aliases and the number that can be added each year is now 10. The steps for adding an alias have changed.
Hello,  A roll-over has been finished by our engineering team in Outlook.com regarding the outage that affected users in sending and/or receiving email messages. May we know if you are now able to send/receive email messages?  We look forward to your response.
thanks for your reply, I have double check for malware nothing found, I log in the activity page and saw that some one from China was trying to sign in my account today but was unsuccessful, I check my accounts and followed all the instructions to ensure that my account was secured, I had changed my password and updated my profile  and as I type this email I received xxxxx junk email from my own email address below is samples: (Don't feel like you can fully satisfy your partner?) Russian or Asians  Girls to Fxxck)  How can I stop or permanently block these senders using my my own email address. Help Help.... 
Hi Melanie Pen, Thanks for reply. The "link" click did not work. I could not scroll down when the Page opended. Nothing about that is unusual? Typical of why. If it ain't  broke don't fix it. Just to add the myraid of prolems with Microsfot over the last 4 years as I have experienced.  The other site about "Uservoice feed back" lists more that a myraid of the many problems. My long list of problems won't add that much.  I have noticed several problems. The "Junk" now is more to do to delete. I guess you don't have email or  just don't bother. It is another mess.  I see more "Junk" is added to the "inbox" to confuse the user.  I have seen nothing about "Here at Microsoft, we keep on innovating our services for our customer's benefit".  Yes, I agree "trying" which is "failure" to "migrate" another unreal issue. Perhaps a "Trump Wall" to Stop the Migration would help.  About the similair disaster problems with "migrate" from "Hotmail" to "Outlook" last year.  Just gotta love the word" Beta". Please advise. Thanks, Lostintrama      
Hi John Sommer Looks like the Nays have it. Many thousands against BETA Bad Experience Terrible Action  DTrump idea?  I wrote to DarleenMelanie Pen, saying the "link" that provides complete information,  did not scroll down after the "link" opened?  This link provides complete information about the changes and improvements we applied to Outlook.com beta.  No Improvements when the "link" does not open. Wondering why?  Please advise, Thanks, Lostintrama   
Hi Melanie, What on earth is a up-vote? I wanted to post on the page you sent . No way can I find out where to post. All I see is a myriad of no like BETA! Please advise. Thanks, Lostintrama
Hi,  We've noticed the post has been inactive for  more than 48 hours now. May we ask if you still need assistance regarding your concern?   Looking forward to your response.
many thanks Logan. Is this a new feature? with the recent WUs? (Just so I can understand why it's just started happening.)
Just to add, Logan, that regarding your link to the MS article, here's what I did:  To change ActiveX settings 4. Allow Internet Explorer to Script ActiveX controls marked safe for scripting by selecting Enable, or Prompt if you want to be notified each time this happens. TAFFY:Was already enabled  PS re 4 above, don't you think that that can easily be confused with Initialise & Script ActiveX controls marked safe for scripting? Mine is disabled (Recommended) 
Thanks for this. I like your sense of humour re another meaning of 'flash' and the website at the end!  By the way, I hate to ask this but I can't see any images, just the usual  with its usual explanation "Server Error 404 - File or directory not found. The resource you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable."  I hope that this is a temporary performance issue but will check it out on other websites later.  Edited at 10:11 to add that the image problem has been reported by Jetta48 in Performance Problems.
  I ALSO NEED TO UN MERGE FROM MY HOTMAIL EMAIL.  
 Hi Matthew1967 Q: CLASSIC VERSION.  OR PLEASE TELL ME HOW TO FIND THIS OUT A: If you are using the classic Skype for Windows desktop client, click Help and then choose About Skype. Your Skype version will be displayed.  Q: IS USING MY OLD EMAIL.  THAT I HAD OVER 20 YEARS AGO.  DO NOT KNOW THAT PASSWORD A: To clarify your concern, are you having issues with signing in to your Skype account? If I got your concern correctly, you do not know the password to your account and when you tried to reset the password, the code is being sent to your old email which you've had for over 20 years that you do not have access, is that correct? Please do correct me if I am wrong. Q: I ALSO NEED TO UN MERGE FROM MY HOTMAIL EMAIL.   A: Unfortunately, unlinking merged Skype and Microsoft accounts is currently not possible. See Can I unlink my Skype and Microsoft accounts? for additional details. 
Hi Matthew1967 Q: CLASSIC VERSION.  OR PLEASE TELL ME HOW TO FIND THIS OUT A: If you are using the classic Skype for Windows desktop client, click Help and then choose About Skype. Your Skype version will be displayed.  Reply: VERSION 7.400.103 Q: IS USING MY OLD EMAIL.  THAT I HAD OVER 20 YEARS AGO.  DO NOT KNOW THAT PASSWORD A: To clarify your concern, are you having issues with signing in to your Skype account? If I got your concern correctly, you do not know the password to your account and when you tried to reset the password, the code is being sent to your old email which you've had for over 20 years that you do not have access, is that correct? Please do correct me if I am wrong. REPLY: YES  Post a reply
Since I am trying to recover my skype account password.  I put in my user name.  Got this           I put in my skype name and it would not let me click on the next button.  Now, what. Before we can let you in... For security purposes you need to know the Microsoft account that you're trying to recover. Please enter it and click Next to continue.
Hi Matthew1967   How are you signing in to your account before? Using a Skype Name or an email address? Try using a different browser and check if the same behavior happens there.   Let us know what happens after.   
Well, now when I sign in to the old version of Skype it is frozen.  I can sign in, but I cannot do anything when I get there, not even click the Help Link.  I now can sign on to the new version and my contacts appear to be there. However, I'm not sure how to change my status or really what I should do now.  So do I just use the new version now? 
Okay. Then how do I explain to people how to find me on skype? 
Hi Pamela,  I'm glad to hear that your Skype application is now working.  Should you have any Skype related issue in the future, please do not hesitate to post in the Community. The Skype team and other Skype users are here to help.  Regards,
Thanks for your usual help,  Please unsubscribe my plan which I was activated to use for India calling from Qatar. Now it's blocked and i am unable to use it.   I hope your good team will refund my payment soon.  
Already tried this. Bing support never get back to me. I never thought removing broken links from a search engine could be so difficult. I note there are many other people in my position that need help on this and Bing simply don't reply. Can I provide you the links to be removed or will I just receive another scripted answer sending me to another 'form' which does not work?   FYI I removed the same broken cached links from Google search using their content removal tool and it took me about 30seconds. 2 weeks so far with Bing. 
what does it do?
Hello Margaret,  Thank you for posting you query on Microsoft Community Forums.  As per description, you are unable to install the Apps getting Error message "something happened and your purchase can't be completed. Error code: 0x800704d5 ".  I would appreciate, if you can provide us the following information to help us understand the issue better?  I would suggest you to follow the methods given below and check.  Method 1: Make sure that the date and time are correct on the computer.  a)      Check the setting for Date/Time by choosing the Desktop tile and then left click on the date/time in the corner.  b)      Click on change date and time settings. And then verify the time zone is correct as well as the internet time tab has the option to Synchronize with Internet time server.  If issue still persists try method 2.   Method 2: Clear the Store cache  You may try to clear the cache for the Store and check if it helps:  a)       Press the “Windows Logo” + “R” keys on the keyboard.  b)       Type “WSReset.exe” and press “Enter”.  c)       Reboot the computer and then check the issues with the Apps.  If issue didn't get resolve try method 3.  Method 3: Disable security software temporarily  Disable security software temporarily and check if the issue persists.  Disclaimer:  Antivirus software can help protect your computer against viruses and other security threats. In most cases, you should not disable your antivirus software. If you do have to temporarily disable it to install other software, you should re-enable it as soon as you're done. If you are connected to the Internet or a network during the time your antivirus software is disabled, your computer is vulnerable to attacks.  Hope this information is helpful. Please do let us know if you need further assistance with Windows.
Did you ever fix your problem with windows store??
 hiii sir ,  I am using window 8.1 in build window .  store is unable to install the app . it download the app but does not  install them it shows error having code 0x80070002.  help me   and my all other apps are not opening for eg camera , map .......etc  they close immeditaly 
I have this question too. I have yet to figure out how to view larger images. The size that displays by default is always small. Up to this point, it's just been a trigger for me to flip over to google images. But, I'd like to figure out why this is this way for me as I see tutorials and images were others have options to change the size.
Many people have the same problem. No solution from MS since 13 days without notifications/alerts, no calls on iPhone and iPad. Nothing has been told.
Hello Katherine,  Welcome to Skype Community forum.  It is my regret to inform you that the SMS feature is not yet added on the new Skype app on iOS and Android devices.  If you need to send SMS via Skype, I strongly advise you to use Skype on desktop.  I strongly advise you to wait for further updates of the new Skype on iOS. You can also check out this link to know more about the release notes of the new Skype app for iOS.    Please do not hesitate to reply to this thread if you need further help.
I have seen the page that points to third party apps, but these are for MAC OS and not iOS.  I need to record testimonials on my iPhone that are done over Skype, how can I do this please?
It returned a value of 4...thanks for the tip. I'm back up and running.  One more question is there a way to format the text to ensure there are no extra spaces?
Hi Van-M, why would you kill that functionality? do you really want your remaining users to move to other services? is the realm of facetime and whatsapp killing differentiating features does not seem very smart! any idea when this will be restored? thanks 
Sorry Brandon. Well, why would I use one over the other. Less clicks ... well I guess but. Not flushing the copy and paste buffer (many power users have multiple caches). So what's the difference? They are too similar ... and I felt I must be missing something. Or is it mainly used for slide copying. I'm asking at the object level.
Thanks for your reply!  I tried all the methods. After changing the date and time I was able to open the store and actually search for apps and browse. However, when I tried to install an app it asked me for my Microsoft account information and when I entered the info it told me it coudnt connect because I wasn't connected to a network. I checked the network and it was fine. I tried to install an app multiple times and it kept saying the same thing.  The other methods didn't seem to make a difference. And there wasn't a verify link. Is there anything else I could do? Thank you !
I posted this question 4 years ago.
After playing around trying to get it working in noticed I had an update for Windows pending.  Installed it and rebooted and it worked again. Odd... 
Forget about column g, the total in column f should be 943. Why is it 945?
Why should the numbers be 943? If I manually add the numbers in column F as shown on your second image, I get 945.01.
Oops youre right. My bad. But why does rounding the figures not yield an accurate total?
Does this mean that all older skype versions that in theory should be able work under my current Mac OS version (10.7) would not operate anymore? Just because new ones are coming out? This is because my Mac book would not allow me to update to the newest version. Thanks
Right sussed this out now.. :)  You need to use a file recovery tool like the one at www.recuva.com if you don't have a backup, as the files will have been deleted. We discovered the emails had actually been backed up by MemeoBackup for this PC. We recovered the files and then searched within the recovered items for files like *.eml and they were all there. In Windows Live Mail the user went into File> Import.. and chose emails and browsed to the recovered emails folder. For some reason it said it was importing the emails, and although the missing account reappeared along with all it's folders the emails themselves didn't turn up so we highlighted the *.eml files and dragged and dropped the emails into the folders. I've no idea why the import didn't work, I was trying to fix it over the phone so I couldn't look too much into it but if anyone else has the same trouble this fixed it for us.  AmandaB
is it sheer coincidence that when I cancelled my provider Verizon and switched to Comcast Xfinity that I lost my windows 10 live mail 2010? I lost everything----emails, folders, photos, word documents.  I am upset about it since I cannot retrieve from my memory what was in all those folders and files.  PLEASE HELP. LINDA B
Thank you.  If I have a large spreadsheet with numerous vehicle numbers that won't work.  I was wondering if subtotal would work if I had 200 vehicles numbers and their associated fuel costs.  I would want to count and subtotal at each change in vehicle number.
Hi Christopher,  This issue could be related to the browser that you are using. Have you tried using other browsers such as Internet Explorer or Microsoft Edge and see if the issue persists?  We are eager on getting this resolved for you, we will wait for your feedback.
 Do you know when it might start being available in Australia?
Same thing for me.  The 'click on the profile picture' advice doesn't work because you cannot click the picture.  It doesn't bring up any options.  Please advise.   Note: I was able to (just barely) make it work through the app on windows, though the save button didn't seem to work and the dropdowns did nothing.  Can't change image via browser.  Skype worked much better before microsoft intervened.
Hi Juan O789,  what about your opinion on the following Skype message ?   I think this moment the ball is on the Skype's half, isn't it ?  Regards: BK
Paul,  Thanks a BUNCH for this! It works great. Can you explain what it all means, though. It just would be helpful in case parts of it can be used in other functions. I looked up quote field, but I couldn't find anything about SET Den.  Also, where do I insert a switch code to hide zero values?  Thank you!
Am I the only one? - Found a spike online of Skype unable to connect results today. 
  This seems a retrograde step for those of us who use Skype as an economical way of making international calls wherever I am. Is it possible to roll back to a previous version where this facility was available (iPhone6 iOS 10.3.2)?  It seems this version no longer transmits my number. Is that a known problem too?  Best wishes
 Let me reiterate. Every time I install skype on my android skype removes the first '0' from my android phone number, so my phone number/skype contact number is incorrect. Where's the sense in that?xxxxxxxx I uninstall and try again, with the utmost care, but still the '0' vanishes. That was my question. Yes, in that same communique I asked if the number (because it keeps appearing wrong) could be replaced by my email address. I'm not very computer literate but I'm not stupid and I'm running out of windows and now have lot's of new names for this app... Oh, yes, I asked about the microsoft 'one login for all microsoft accounts too. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx So what is the reason for this, what is the answer to THE question.
 Thank you for your email reply, Non of the links you offer have any resemblance to what is displayed on my android screen. There is in SETTINGS a 'manage how people find me' feature but no 'edit' near the number or account. I can delete the number, and change mobile number but there is no 'save', only the two seperate arrows, on at top by delete bin and on at bottom right on text/numeral pad/keyboard. Neither works as save so changes are made. Your page does tell me that the caller id does not work in China, the sole reason I have tried to set up a skype account, so I could call skype to skype, which is free.  Tell me what will work in China, my name, the android telephone number? ( The number which starts   +44 0784******* but skype setup insists on removing the 0 from leaving it as +44 784*******, THIS IS THE ORIGINAL QUESTION THAT YOU FAIL TO ANSWER OR INDEED SHOW ON THIS THREAD, WHY oh why oh why, and will it work without the 0.   So. Whilst I am having MY time wasted again, what is the difference between a skype ID and a skype name? I notice my skype number(whatever THAT is, is it my mobile/android/phone number..the one that begins with +44 0784....?) is inactive as is number forwarding....Yes. Lots of freaking questions, no answers, no clarity for users....You say you look forward to my reply... I bet I'll get more sense of social media.....
WHY DOES SKYPE NOT INCLUDE/DISPLAY THE FIRST 0 (ZERO) OF MY PHONE NUMBER THAT IS USED BY OTHERS TO SKYPE ME? THe original and still unanswered question. The email above or any help you've offered is irrelevant or non-existant.  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx Skype will not display the first zero of (+44 078******** )your number xxxxxxx
Thank you. Now that was easy wasn't it. Think of all the editing you could have saved yourselves. And all the hassle you could have saved me. Can you tell me why this did not happen in the first instance, please?
hello I have a worry of connection with my wireless network card 2 once I create a hotspot via MS-DOS they put me no network access and I am a little lost can you help me  
I am not aware of any recent changes to the machine. After booting in clean boot, what would I do to check for 'software conflicts'? The issue occurred twice during off hours, I really have no way to replicate the issue.  I had hoped that the event code or that binary data would mean something to someone... The issue has not re-occurred, so that's something. 
The link that I was given sends me to the Bing Ad department when I need the Bing search engine department so I still have the problem.
When  I press activate windows all I see is :Activate,I cannot see :activate by phone can you help me with this problem 
WINDOWS 8.1 ACTIVATE PLEASE SEND ME MY EMAIL PLEASE HELP
Hello  how do i join onto the GoToWebnar?
OK, so how do you do that?
How do I'm export them to print from another programme I cannot seem to do anything with them, I would like to export the to iCloud. 
So in short you're saying that it isn't possible?  Could you suggest to the development team to implement an option to choose to have the contact list on default view instead of recent activities? 
I am unable to clear the Windows store cache because I am still getting an error stating “ This version of Windows is no longer supported by Windows Store.  Get the newest version of Windows.”. I also was unable to run SFC.  Are there any alternative options?  Thank you, Lauren Giljum
Please help me retrieve my conversation for a certain person. All of my conversation with this person for the past 2 months was all gone. How can I retrieve it?
We have this problem since 3 months. Skype is aware of it (chats, emails) and we have already sent lots of feedback. Can Skype fix it instead of saying : uninstalled/reinstalled, send a feedback ? Thank you.
Regicure costs. This is how I got into this trouble. I couldnot uninstall slimware or total ausilogics?
No I downloaded the app it synced my contact list and deleted them I was only left with a few numbers. Can I just speak with someone on the phone from Skype this isn't helping 
so does it mean that bing should only be used within those states? why don't you guys lock it then only to be accessible within those states!!!!!!!!!!!
Different names on my account. Need to get rid of
How can I get my Skype url name to give to associates. Also, what is a Room, someone sent me a Skype and said to respond only in this room.
First, thank you so much for this information, it was most helpful! So on my mobile phone i can get the chat room. But on my LAPTOP, I can't get into the chat room. I cant figure out the button to press or the drop down box to activate the chat on my laptop. Strange i can get ir on my mobile phone though.  Ant help would be appreciated.
I request to add this service, as soon as possible since its creating a lof inconvenience. And also the modified look of skype ios is confusing. I cannot access the contacts and also difficult to search for new contacts. I rate it 1 out of 5.
So it is normal to not see any menus at the top of the screen?  The downside is that I don't know what features are supported. At least with the old one they were grey'd out. Now I have to make a call and then find they are there or missing and I'm wasting peoples time trying to figure it out.   I like continuous improvements, but this approach is questionnable  
This is not an answer Lori. WHAT CHANGED?! PP 2010 supports iframe. Its an example on MS own site. Something has changed globally with an update to PP or the way YouTube builds the embed codes. Telling me to install an update which just reports "there are no products affected by this package installed on this system". is NOT a solution.  Have you even fired up your PP and tried this? You do work for MS don't you? I suspect you have an old copy of PP2010 or know of a Dev lab in your company that has it installed.  I suggest you go test this or get some MS people that know what they are doing with PP to test this and se where the fault is. Ultimately and since Google owns YouTube I doubt they are going to change things to suit PP. I suggest you elevate this to someone on the PP team. If you don't want to give me their email and I will.  This is a problem. Something changed. It needs to be fixed. 
Does that erase your chat history? Because it looks like that erases your chat history and thats not something i want to do. What other then refresh the profile picture (probably by removing it from skype's cache so it has to be fetched again) does that do?
Hi Melissa M,   Conversation history on Desktop platforms are saved on the hard drive for a period of time, which you can change on the history settings on the Skype application for Desktop platforms and the last 30 days of your conversation history are also stored in the cloud, so you can access it when you're signed in to Skype on any device.   Unfortunately, there’s no option to restore the conversation history on your mobile device and you can only transfer the chat conversation with desktop platforms and not from Desktop to mobile.   Hope this information helps.   Thanks.
Are there any plans in the works for this? To be able to grab them from the cloud account by any device? 
So if my credit expires before you fix the messaging problem will i get my money refunded?
Hi Gerry,  1. Does the issue persist while printing from other applications? 2. What is the make and model of the printer?  'printserver110.exe' errors and other critical malfunctions can arise when the Windows operating system becomes overloaded with invalid system references, as well as corrupted and deleted registry files. These problems commonly occur due to a lack of regular PC maintenance. As a computer operating system gets older, errors and crashes start to become more frequent and problematic.  Method 1: Re-install the Word Perfect and check if you can print. a: Press Windows key + X. b: Then click Programs and Features. c: Then click View Installed programs present at the left pane. d: Now look for Word Perfect and then Uninstall it. e: Then go ahead and Install it.  Do not perform Method 2, if Method 1 resolves the issue. You can try Method 2 if Method 1 does not work.  Method 2: Place the computer in clean boot and check if it helps.  To help troubleshoot error messages and other issues, you can start Windows 8.1 by using a minimal set of drivers and startup programs. This kind of startup is known as a "clean boot." A clean boot helps eliminate software conflicts.  How to perform a clean boot in Windows  Note:Check the title “How to reset the computer to start as usual after clean boot troubleshooting” for reverting to normal mode.  If you need any further assistance with Windows Operating System, please post your query on Microsoft Community Forums and we’ll be glad to assist you with it.   
I am also getting this error, but via WPX8, and PrinterServer180.exe.  I solved this, at least temporarily, by closing WP, going to taksmanager, finding a background process called "Print Server (32 bit)", and ending that task. I also ended another task right next to it, "print driver host for applications". There may be more than one instance of these, I ended them all. I then went to the WP installation directory where I found the program "PrintServer180.exe"  in the subdirectory "CorelWordPerfect Office x8Programs". I then started it up up using "Run as Administrator" on the right-click menu. I then restarted WPX8, and printed a document, and it printed without the error.  Note that not all of these steps may be necessary, and that an automatic startup of that program might be configured if no other solution presents itself.
Skype has been installed but enable to sign in due to the following. We can't sign you in Your browser is currently set to block JavaScript. You need to allow JavaScript to use this service.  To learn how to allow JavaScript or to find out whether your browser supports JavaScript, check the online help in your web browser. I have checked the Javascript settings on my chrome browser and it is set to Allowed already with no blocked sites. My operating system is Windows 7 Home Premium
Changing your name on the Microsoft website won't update on your laptop until after you login again.  It doesn't communicate to the Microsoft servers until after you login (to protect your security).  What happens when you click your picture? 
Antonio,    Did you ever get a solution for this?  My pastor is bumping into the same issue and I'm trying to help him out.  Thanks for any info. Gary
You could just right click on the account and click Remove. Are you seeing any error? Make sure you are in Contact and not Conversation and then click Remove.
Are you using Google Chrome?   Add, edit, or remove search engines On your computer, open Chrome. At the top right, click More Settings. In the "Search" section, lick Manage search engines. Under "Other search engines" you can: Add a search engine: Fill out the fields to set up the search engine. ... Click Done. Set your default search engine - Computer - Chrome Help - Google Help https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95426?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop...
Hi Kevin,  Have my replies answered your questions?  Regards, YogaJose
HI, I trashed these files but the problem persists.  The volume for my headset gets reset to a very low level (about 10% above zero on the volume slider) whenever I place a call.  I move the volume up so I can hear, but the next time I make a call it is back down.  This reset does not occur if the internal speakers are selected.  The headset is a plantronics with a wireless dongle, and has always worked fine with skype.  What else can I try?
Hi Briank,  Did the issue still exists? Do you have any updates?  Thanks, Jessica
windows update doesn't work.  Robert Clark  
If they work OK not grouped, then why group them?
Hi Christopher,   The Skype name is the username you created when you first joined Skype, other than your email address or phone number. If you are using an email address or phone number when signing in on Skype, then you have a default Skype name that has the word “live:” Also, creating an account using a Skype name or username is no longer available.   You can see the Skype name of your account below your display name on your Skype profile. If you want others to find you on Skype, then they can use the Skype name, email address or other information you put on your Skype profile.   https://support.skype.com/en/faq/FA10858   Hope this information helps.   Thanks.
What is my skype id? What is my skype id? What is my skype id? What is my skype id?What is my skype id? What is my skype id? What is my skype id?What is my skype id? What is my skype id?  unreal
Hello,  After a few weeks, the issue is back. I have tried the steps you gave me but it won't work anymore.  Please help.
I went to do my Morning rutine of doing Bing Points,Checking my mail then doing some surveys.well This Morning after reading how Update KB3206632 had screwed up so many Folks by not allowing them to log onto the Web.Which in turn disabled any way of fixing this unless they were smart enough to figure out it was the update that caused the issue to begin with!I didn't receive the update until the 14th but it failed to install.It did auto install successfully on the 16th!??? WThey? 3 days later??? I was not affected by this but my BING search was.My Monthly counter is stuck at what it was before this update,My Rewards page gives me Two 10 point searches Today,so I proceede to get some points.I searched At the Movies first,yeah 10 points.I go to can you solve the Rubics Cube page and solve it.Should have earned 10 just for going there,which did not happen.But I didn't notice.I was going along on BING when I noticed the counter wasn't going up!!! I went back to my rewards page and refreshed the page and VIOLA my 10 points vanished!The counter  went back to where it was the Day before! :/ Any search makes me Zero points,except for just now I got 10 points for doing a manual search from bing.com.Well that 10 is all I got and again when I went to my Rewards page and refresh it,my points dropped back again!!! So I'm going to uninstall this SCREWED UP AND UNTESTED update and see if this solves my problem.If so,I'm deferring updates until MS can get their C R A P in one sox!As I have read they're in no hurry to fix this issue once again,just goes to show MS doesn't care about us as a user just a Customer! And yes I have also just cleared all browsers cache;I had to restart my PC to get EDGE to clean the browser cache as it refused to clean  everything 5 times!.Cleaned my PC,deleted files from Disk Cleanup,defragged and optimized after the update.It's the first thing I do on Sundays any way! So I'll see if removing this rogue fixes my problem.Be back to confirm or deny any fix.
My rewards points have been stuck on the same number for AT LEAST the last two days, since I didn't notice it until yesterday morning. Did four 10-point tasks and two whole days of Bing searching on two different browsers (Edge and Firefox) and my total hasn't budged. My PC search points have remained stuck at zero for at least two days, my Browse & Earn total (for using Edge) has remained stuck at 23 points for the month, which is strange because you get 5 points per hour, so how did I get those 3 points? I contacted customer support and, after jumping through several pointless and maddening hoops, finally got in touch with a real person via chat who said they couldn't help me, but gave me a link to some complaint form. Now someone is supposed to contact me within the next 24 hours. We'll see.
Can you share screenshots of what is happening?  This post shows how to do that: https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/office/forum/office_2013_release-excel/how-to-put-an-image-in-a-forum-message/344868dd-435a-4d4f-bf48-6106a8feeb47 
Hi ArthurVerholancev,   Is it happening to a specific contact and is it happening only to the Android device? Also, are you referring to Skype-to-Skype calls or calling mobile and landline number?   I look forward to your reply.   Thanks.
Is it happening to a specific contact? I suggest you try this basic troubleshooting steps below for the meantime and check if issue persist.  1. Uninstall and reinstall the Skype application with the latest version. 2. Clear cache and data before uninstalling Skype. 3. Try using a different connection.  Also, we advise Skype users to use the new Skype application on mobile devices with an Android version of 6.0 or higher, as Skype sometimes necessary to retire older versions of Skype, and Skype enabled devices. Unsupported Skype enabled devices, and platforms may experience problems with calls and chats, lost or dropped calls and instant messages, or could stop working completely.    Hope this information helps.  Thanks.
Hi Sean,   You may try removing your Keychain Entries by following these steps:   Can you verify if your OneDrive for Business is synced? You may try these troubleshooting steps if you are having problems with syncing your OneDrive:   Also, can you verify if you can open the file locally or via opening in client from the browser?   If issue still persists, can you provide the screenshot of the error? As well as the steps you did on how you encounter the error.   Thanks, Mike
Hi Mike i did the 1st step  >>>>>>   You may try removing your Keychain Entries by following these steps: <<<<<<<  Also check this below>>>   Also, can you verify if you can open the file locally or via opening in client from the browser?  mohit-  the file is opening when I download it and not in the client from browser.    However its still not working. i have mac os sierra version 10.12.6 and Ms Excel for mac version 15.38  Thanks mohit 
I am able to pair my phone and computer.  In the process to transfer pictures I need to have Bluetooth icon.  I need Bluetooth menu showing to send, transfer and save pictures.  I was able to do this a year ago.   Yes I have tried and changed some things.   In Bluetooth setting I have clicked show Bluetooth icon.  I need Bluetooth connection so I can transfer pictures.  I feel that an update has changed something, because the last time I used Bluetooth was a year ago to transfer pictures and it worked. I do not like change.  What should I do?  Microsoft needs to me computer using friendly.  
  I agree with Tammy on how businesses are set up: laptops connected to projectors or HDTVs and the need to present standing up while pointing to things on the large screen needs either an external device that acts as a powerpoint presenter tool OR the old Android app that worked wonders and had functionality that is simply not there in the iOS app after so much time- I mentioned the Android app funcctionality in my email last year...  Are there really no other people working in offices seeking out this functionality?  Panos 
Please help me understand. My Skype account does not look like the ones in tutorials - I can only assume the ones in the tutorials are older versions. I have viewed a few tutorials tho cannot find an option other than the method I have been using to send a message. How then do I send a message to a contact without it logging as an SMS message?! The tutorials say to go to contacts but the current platform appears to have been redesigned. Please help
Hello Wesley,  Thank you for the response!  To view the linked account, you may follow these steps:  Also, the option to unlink accounts is not available. For more information regarding this, please visit this link: Can I unlink my Skype and Microsoft accounts? In this case, you will need to create a new Microsoft account to be able to prevent from accessing your husband's account.  I hope this information helps but if you have questions and clarifications, please do not hesitate to reply back.  
Hi, Simon.  For clarification, provide the answers to the following questions:   Meanwhile, you can check the answer of Shawn 'Cmdr' Keene on this thread that has troubleshooting steps in resolving the issue of thumbnail previews.  We'll wait for your response.
I was asking about Skype-to-Skype video calls, not Skype calls to cellphones or landlines. I was just wondering if someone search for my email address and find me that way to ask permission and then connect
I am having trouble accessing all my contacts, too. When I logged into Skype after not using it for several months, everything is gone. I tried using the https://a.login.skype.com/diagnostics url you suggested to Marvin, but whenever I type in my email address or skype name, it just gives me an error message. Please help. Thank you. 
I  lost all of my contacts. Help me to find my old addresses and phone ##
Karen, thank you. I have tried to sign in with the diagnostics link. I think the problem is that it seems as if there are two accounts under my same email address. It is confusing. Even after I reset the password, the system won't let me access my account. I suspect all of my contacts are under one of the accounts, but I don't know how to delete the account that isn't the one with the contacts.   Also, I have never before used this online version — only the downloaded app. Now I cannot access the app at all.   Is there any sort of customer service for Skype? I can't find a phone number anywhere.   Thank you. 
We also noticed this at our company beginning after 9/11/17. It appears to be affecting PowerPoint 2007 and PowerPoint 2010 and not just from YouTube. I also replicated this issue on computers with varying patch levels from June to September 2017.  PowerPoint 2013, patched to September 2017, appears to be unaffected. 
How do I recover my contacts for both? I'm just hoping my contacts are not lost on my business laptop! Secondly, I was forced to create a new password as it failed to recognise my actual password... this should not have messed up the contacts though? I have also tried deleting and reinstalling the app on iPhone, did not work. Please let me know asap. Thanks.
Hi Maritas,  Thank you for you reply.  Unfortunately there are still no contacts appearing on my desktop and iPhone. How to I manually load in or sync my contacts that I have had on there? I don't want to sync from and address book or contacts - I want the same list of contact I had before.  Thanks,  Nancy
Any chance of a reply from Skype?!  
Hi,  Let me ask you;  I would suggest you to provide more details regarding the issue you’re facing. Please see the article provided below, which will guide you on how to ask questions.  Suggestions for asking a question on help forums  Also, I would request you to post us back with a screen shot of the issue, so that we can help you better. You can refer to the following article to include a screenshot to your post.   How to include a screenshot in your post   Please revert to this response along with answers to questions asked, we will be glad to help you further.
The address I end up with: https://www.microsoft.com/en-gb/?prodname=windows%20operating%20system&prodver=10.0.10586.0&evtid=7000&evtsrc=service%20control%20manager&filever=10.0.10586.0&filename=&evttype=&lcid=2057  I have recently reinstalled the operating system and am investigating a few niggles, no show stoppers but Microsoft displaying an advert for their Xbox S all the time can be annoying.  I've changed the default browser to Internet Explorer.  The problem still occurs so I changed back to edge.  I can search for info on the Event Log entries myself, it just infuriating when you click on a link about a Kernel problem and Microsoft replies with "Do you want to buy our new Xbox" I am using Windows 10 Pro. The complete link I am trying to access depends on the Event Log item I am investigating. Examples of URLs from Event Log Onlin Help link: http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/events.asp?ProdName=Microsoft%c2%ae+Windows%c2%ae+Operating+System&ProdVer=10.0.10586.0&EvtID=7000&EvtSrc=Service+Control+Manager&LCID=2057 http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/events.asp?ProdName=Microsoft%c2%ae+Windows%c2%ae+Operating+System&ProdVer=10.0.10586.103&EvtID=2&EvtSrc=Microsoft-Windows-Kernel-EventTracing&LCID=2057
Thanks so much karina But my question was. When i login to my bing account and search for something  is it saved just like when i do it in google account where google save the searching history so i can go for it any time i log in to my google account.
Matthew: I followed up with Microsoft tech support and ended up doing a full Office reinstall, which cured the problem. Thanks for your help. I did a full reinstall and the problem persists.  Did you uninstall office first perhaps?  I didn't.
Thank you Jacob. Just an additional question. Could this mean they are not loggedin to their skype but just loggedin to its microsoft account that is why the skype status is always "away"? Are you automatically logged in even if you are not signed in to the skype app, just your microsoft account? Thank you, looking forward to your answer. 
I am looking for a way to remove the "Discover" menu from my "contacts" which appear when I try to access my contacts. Before, when I went to the Contacts menu just my skype contacts would appear.  I don't want other contacts which I have not added to appear.  Please tell me how I can remove the "Discover" feature from my skype because I don't want Skype to be showing me contact suggestions from my other contacts. Thank you, Best regards, Adam
Hi Danida,  First of all thank you very much for your reply. Indeed i have two accounts under the same email, but how can I do to synchronize the information between them?  Regards,  Lourenço Machado
Hi Timothy,  We've noticed the post has been inactive for  more than 48 hours now. May we ask if you still need assistance regarding your concern?   Looking forward to your response.
There is missing a text string in the response: "We are working hard to improve this situation, ofcource you should be able to turn it off."  It is a very invasive feature.
Well this does kinda solve the problem. However, I couldn't find the "how to resolve this problem" link in the analyzer tool. Also, it automatically uninstalled my MS Office, so I reinstalled it and it is fine now. The analyzer tool (if it has a resolve button) should clearly indicate how to fix problems, I was clicking around for about 15min. Then it disappeared and I noticed that it uninstalled the Office program when I did the suggested tips of modifying the program to possibly find the bug through an online update. I would rather just uninstall then reinstall the software next time. No?
Also, please consider if maybe your friend is the one with a problem. Can you both try screen sharing with any other user to discard where the problem may be?
Hi Natalie I understand that something is corrupt, as can be seen it is the WorkflowServiceHost 4.0.0.0 performance counters Unfortunately I do not know when it started so I do not know which Windows Update entries may have caused it. There was however a recent windows update   What I was hoping for was for someone to tell me how to reset the WorkflowServiceHost 4.0.0.0 counters, even if it is to initialise them to 0 In RegEdt32 under HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE, SOFTWARE, Microsoft, Windows NT, CurrentVersion, Perflib, V2Providers, f6c5ad57-a5be-4259-9060-b2c4ebfccd96 is as follows The application dentity is C:WindowsMicrosoft.NETFrameworkv4.0.30319WorkflowServiceHostPerformanceCounters.dll The ProviderName is WorkflowServiceHost 4.0.0.0 The ProviderType is 0 It has a sub-entry of 1f7207c2-ob8c-48de-9dcd-64ff98cc24e1 that has counterbloc, countercount, ExplainResource, First Counter, Instance Type, Last Counter, NameResource, NeutralName as entries  Can you please tell me how to initialise them to 0
Hi Tammy Vermeulen,   Are you using the new Skype app on your iOS device? Please be advised that the new Skype app is still a work in progress and there are features that still not available. As saving phone numbers as contacts is currently not supported on the new Skype.   https://support.skype.com/en/faq/fa34751   Hope this information helps. Feel free to reply for other concerns.   Thanks.
Hi Danuda_U, Thank you for your quick reply.  My computer is a late 2011 MacBook Air operating system 10.7 Lion when I bought it and with all the updates since.  I installed skype at the same time with all the consequent updates since.  After I posted my message, my Mozilla Firefox crashed, and then the Finder on the MacBook and has crashed for every attempt since to open them. My desktop no longer shows the documents I had on it with no bar or search possibility.  So I cannot take a screen shot of the profile to account attempt process. I have tried to log in to skype from my phone with the new password and the same loop occurs. There was no message before I was unceremoniously logged out of Skype. I was in the middle of writing an IM message.  I am taking my commuter to be checked for a virus or other fault.  Has my account been suspended because of the repeated log in attempts? How can I get it activated again and at least use on my phone? Is there a direct intervention I need to do on the computer Many thanks for your advise On Fri, 8 Sep 2017 at 16:48, Microsoft Community <*** Email address is removed for privacy ***> wrote: YOUR PROFILE | FAQ  Hello Jeremiah23,   Your question on Microsoft Community has received a reply from Danida_UMargaret.  Title: skype account sign in - continous loading, never loads Reply Hi PearlJeremiah23 and welcome to the Skype Community!  Before we troubleshoot the issue further, please specify the following for diagnosis.  What operating system is your device running?  What exact Skype version do you have installed? (Please specify the exact version, not latest or recent.) Before you were logged out, have you received an email stating that your password was reset?  Please provide additional information so we can check the issue further. If you can provide a screenshot showing that you do not have access to the call area, it will be highly appreciated. Thank you.   Read this reply on Microsoft Community.   ------------------------------ NEXT STEPS* Was this reply helpful? Give Danida_UMargaret some kudos! [Vote as helpful]   Did Danida_UMargaret's reply answer your question? Then let the community know! [Mark this reply as your answer]   Want to unsubscribe from this thread? Click here to go to the thread, click on the original post and click Stop emails.   *Sign in required. When you open the thread, you'll see that your action has been automatically recorded. This mailbox is unattended. Please do not reply to this message. If you feel that you received this email in error you can update your email settings.  Privacy Policy  |   Code of Conduct    
Lori,  Thanks for your reply. The issue is not how to set up the notes master, which as I understand it wouldn't affect any of the slides I've already developed (the entire presentation).   I do see that I can change the space between the bullet and the text on the Notes Master using the triangles in the ruler. But I don't see how to apply those changes to slides that have already been produced.  Is there a way?
Thank you for replying so quickly.  So since these images aren't uploaded by me, who would I have to contact? The website and/or the webmaster to remove it? 
Hi again,  I didn't encounter any BS about 3 days. But now I encountered again. Could you help me?  My memory dump is here: https://1drv.ms/u/s!Aj_USQJjuRJyk2zy25NZSXjhWOp8  Thanks.
I aldready uninstalled Norton Antivirus 3 days ago. But I also have Symantec disk encryptor. Do you think that causes the BS?
Thank you for your reply.  I followed your direction to uninstall the old version. It was a success! I clicked on the linked you gave me but the  version that came up is not the one you gave. It is lower. I want to get the latest version you gave me skype version for ios 8.5.1.    How will I get the  latest Skype for IOS?  Thank you  Brian
Great, thanks for the help.  Now how do I delete the other accounts?  Thanks, Edward 
ASCII couldn't help. Instead Unicode  solved my problem.  1) 0307  2) 0308  are the unicodes for it.
The ios version is 9.3.5 and the Ipad model is MC707LL/A. I am not sure if it is Ipad 2 or not.  Problem is not resolved. I read somewhere that the Skype version for Ipad is 6.35.1 and I do not think I can get the older version back. Can you clarify this?  Thanks for your help!  Tyler   MayTyler
Thanks Kevin, you appear an expert on word processing programs, so please suggest one that is small, simple, and will install as a default to Wordpad in 7. Also, what is your work around to setting up a Template for Wordpad 7, as I am just doing that now. Regards BillVernon3nz
Hi, the Bing Webmaster support does not respond to me, after 2 emails.  Can you help me?
I have changed my settings so that the lock screen will use pictures from my photos folder from my computer.  However, the images are only shown one at a time.  My previous computer was able to create a collage of pictures when the lock screen slideshow activated.  How do I get the collage back in windows 10?
I don't want the new Skype app. I was perfectly content with the one I had. Surely there are legacy versions availble.
  1)    Have you made any software or hardware changes to your computer recently? 2)    Is this a Network Printer? 3)    What is the make and model of the printer?   To work with this issue, refer these methods:   Method 1:   Make sure the below setting is correct for your printer.  Refer the step below. a)    Click Start   b)    Go to Control Panel c)    Choose Printers d)    Right Click on your printer and make sure that there is no check mark on the “Use Printer Offline” option.  This should put your printer back online.   Method 2:   Refer the link to open the Printer troubleshooter http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows7/Open-the-Printer-troubleshooter     Method 3:   Run the fixit from the following link to change the status of the printer. http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2027593     Also refer,   Why can't I print? http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows7/Why-cant-I-print     Hope this information is helpful.
Hi,  Share the link from where I can download your workbook.  Also show the expected result there.
 This worked great thankyou! Also though is there a way for it to work across many sheets even if the first value is not found?  for example:  =SUMPRODUCT(--(EXACT(INDEX(Test!$B$2:$O$58,MATCH(Test!A1,$A$2:$A$58,0),),B1))) +SUMPRODUCT(--(EXACT(INDEX(Test2!$B$2:$O$58,MATCH(Test2!A1,$A$2:$A$58,0),),B1))) +SUMPRODUCT(--(EXACT(INDEX(Test3!$B$2:$O$58,MATCH(Test3!A1,$A$2:$A$58,0),),B1)))  The only issue I have found with doing this is that if the first vaule being what to search for to identify the row is not found in one of the sheets, even if there found in the others it returns #N/A or ####. The    
Greetings, Marite--  Thank you very much for your reply. I opted for the first option which let me change the DOB, but created another problem   I now have two Microsoft accounts and two Skype accounts. As a result, I cannot acces my One Drive files. I desire to keep my original Microsoft and Skype accounts. If at all possible, I want to unlink the two. I do not see any benefit to linking them. Doing so has only created problems.   How can I unlink my accounts and at the same time delete the new Microsoft and Skype accounts?  Thank you for your assistance.        
Thank you very much, Scott. Yes, you hit the nail on the head, my blank page (without a page number) is an Even Page. Please, do you know how this will display when I upload it to KDP paperback? In other words, will an even number Roman numeral appear, or will the entire page be simply blank? I do not know for sure, but I do not think it is acceptable for a book to have a completely blank page without any page number. I need to do something to get a Roman numeral page number on that left-side page.   Thank you in advance for your time and advice.  
Hi Jomel,  Thanks. However, at the time when I got those unwanted calls on my mobile, from someone who wasn't a contact, my settings on the desktop application were already set to allow calls from people in my contact list only. So, surely those calls should have been blocked on both devices?  Regards, Lauren
Hi all,  This has just happened again - two Skype calls from an apparent spammer came through on my phone. The second call came after I'd blocked her in the desktop application. Please look into this.
Hi Tyler,   Thank you for sharing your experience and resolution on Microsoft Community forum. We really appreciate your efforts and time which you spent on resolving the issue. This information will benefit other community members to solve their similar issues.   In addition to that, you are always welcome to post your queries on Microsoft Community forum. We'll be glad to assist you again.   Thank you.
I have done installing and uninstalling couple of times with no results. But I have found the cause now: upon Skype starting it will ask for some permissions, and I disallowed some of them which I deem not necessary. After some tests I found permission of "Make phone calls (directly call phone numbers" must be allowed to make Skype connect, though I don't see the necessity of it. I use Skype just for network calling and messaging. p.s. How do I mark my own reply as answer?
Hitting "Yes" only marks your answer as answer. Anyway, it doesn't matter. But the FAQ link redirected me to http://skype.gmw.cn/help/support.html. Is this done by Skype intentionally or GFW of China?
when I click change I get nothing. I have both Office 2016 H&B and Office 365 in the program list - Neither one gives me any option when change is clicked. But my Error is c2r32.dll is either not designed to run on Windows or it contains an error. Error status 0xc0000020. Interesting that it says contact the software vendor. Is there an actual number for MSoft office support hidden somewhere?
It has the factory 2x1GB ram in it and I went ahead and put some other ram (2x2GB) I had been using in it previously that worked fine and I thought that was it as it started working better. Restarts would produce no freezes and even leaving it on for quite a few hours had not freeze. I went ahead and ran sfc scan to make sure there were no OS errors before I started doing updates and it froze 31% in. The mouse still worked for a short time before it died also. Any other ideas? Can anything be decifered from event logs? Why is it that it apparently never has this problem when running safe mode? Does that tell you anything? It was recommended to me to do a reinstall, which I can do, using this procedure https://forums.techguy.org/threads/steps-for-installing-updating-windows-7-sp1.1176121/. I guess that may be worth a try. I have been able to do an install with no freeze, but after it sets up the freezes start and interrupt updates. I could probably get through this procedure though. Do you think I should try that now or wait for other tests/work? Thanks for any more help. 
I could get through the basic install and until about step 7 and I had a freeze trying to download that update. So still a problem. I have never had any freezes when starting, running or shutting down in safe mode. That is running windows just without some of the processes. Doesn't anyone know how to read error logs to see why this is freezing?
Hi, To make sure you understand what I mean. Because the writings have been going on in parallel and over a long period of time. they have not always followed the same rules. Now that I am approaching the final phase, it is important that I put them all under same rules. 1) How do I make my style ribbon the same, by which I mean, how do I display in the ribbon, all the styles I use sorted the same way in all three tomes? Or if it is easier, How can I transfer the ribbon from one of my tomes to  the two other tomes? 2) Although the page sizes are the same, sections do not always have the same margins. How can I change all of them at once in one tome? As always, most grateful Serge 
Hi friend, I am almost there but not yet... I am stuck in step 8. When I display the styles set I get, at the bottom of it, 3 buttons and one options They are: New style Style inspector Manage styles and then options. Nowhere do i se a "Reset to Quick styles from ...." I am using Word 2016. Any clues as to the discrepancy. Thanks Serge PS Still having trouble logging in again ... Why? dont know. 
What taskbar?  I don't get this option on my command prompt window
I have also had my account just suspended for no reason at all and no actual notice. I just paid yesterday for xbox one contest tickets and I get is suspended. It better be relieved such BS Had my account since 2014
Hello!  Maybe you have contacts that are being retrieved from the Mac Address Book and you have duplicates in it?   You can even stop syncing the Mac contacts in the Skype General Preferences if you wish.
yes - I have that button and it's the 'in line' button. It's same as the screen you helpfully sent me.  The 'size' options when I load a new picture are small, best fit and original. When I select 'small' it physically reduces the dimensions of the picture. Do you know if this also reduces the Mb size of the picture or whether the file size is retained?    This all started when an email I sent to my son was bumped because the file size was too large. I'm sure Microsoft used to have a method of reducing file size of photo's. I'd rather use a MS one but can't even find a 3rd party one that runs on the RT or Win10 Phone platform. Do you know of one? 
in my former days, I would write    IF(A1="*good*",if good, if not good)  where quotes meant alphanumeric, and  the   * meant ignore all characters before, and the second  *  meant ignore all characters after.    So far I have found no simple way of saying the above if function, on one line ...    then copying down a column to pick out only the cases where A1 contained "good" somewhere in its text.
Hi,   To better assist you, please clarify if you're using Windows Mail app or the Outlook client mail.  You may try to close the application, restart the computer / tablet and access the the email app.   Let us know how it goes. 
Hi,  I do understand that you would like to increase page indexing by Bing.  However, your question is beyond the scope of what is typically answered in this consumer forum and would be better suited for the audience in Bing Webmaster Support.  Support for Webmasters and Site Owners  Do feel free to write to us in case you have any issues/concerns while working on your computer, we'll be happy to assist you.
Hi Marites,  The help center could not help, the best was to say wait a few days. It's been more than a few days and the problem continues. Other friends are having Skype issues. This seems a major issue and not good for Skype, I'm looking for alternatives. In the event that this is not fixed in a reasonable time is it possible to get a refund for the money I have in Skype for call.  Wishing you luck with fixing the issues,  Charles
Thank you for he reply. But where I can find the Task Manager. Now I can not try out the given solution.
My comp still didnt work, I hooked up the HDMI bluray to my comp and still didnt play on my TV screen. (I have two HDMI outlets so I hooked up from the bluray to my comp and the other HDMI to my TV)
How do I activate the program-I am on a licensed program on my computer
Yes,  sorry, haven't had a chance to check.  Will do so tomorrow. But how do I get the 365 updates? 
That seems to work. Is this now a bug you'll be fixing or is this just the way I'll have to do this from here on in?
 1  enable hyperthreading in B.I.O.S.  2  load up windows and CREATE A RESTORE POINT! 3  open task manager and click the PERFORMANCE tab, just to make sure it ISN'T working, if it is.... GREAT, but i doubt if it was that easy, that you would be reading this lol 4  click start, then RIGHT-CLICK  the COMPUTER then click on MANAGE 5  click DEVICE MANAGER, then double click  PROCESSOR 6  right click ANY of the listed processors 7  click UNINSTALL 8  it will say "warning you are about to uninstall this device from your system" click ok 9  click reboot now 10 repeat step 3... you should see all threads  this worked for me, it should work for you, much easier than a complete reinstall, no? 
So I uninstalled skype, and reinstalled it, and it is still version 7.46. Maybe the 8.0 update is not available for my device yet, but I will check again soon. Thank you so much for helping!
Thank you I think this tut explain you about the difference between link and embed video. I am not sure because I could watch only the first movie. I am asking how to convert those links to embed vids.
I think this is working, since after breaking a link and saving the file it size increased as I expected it to. I still have to check it farther. Now, is there a way to do the opposite? i.e. to turn an embed vid to a linked one?
Hi there, thank you for that.  I have done that much however, it does not have my original voice message and when I go to change it via tools and privacy that cannot be done.  also there is no more email notifications, did that go as well?  thank you look forward to your reply
Hi  Rames , Thanks for your help after previously running defrag,disc clean and Kaspersky full scan the problem was the same and after trying method 1 & 2 nothing changed and it effected all the websites I was using on Microsoft Edge. But I have been using Google Chrome and it seems to be better. But why does it exist on Microsoft Edge when it worked perfectly well on Windows 8.1?
Does this happen with all spreadsheets or just one?
my office 10 excel has many tools grayed out like the freeze pane.   Why is this????
I understand that the older version is no longer supported but that does not explain why I cannot use it to log in. It ran, runs and works on my iPhone, except for trying to log in to your system.  Has someone written some code to prevent the older version from being able to be log in?  It was working until my iPhone accidentally automatically updated the old version very recently. There is no reason why the old (much better) version cannot log in unless Microsoft/Skype are forcing people to use the new inferior one by actively denying their right to access the service using the older software they like and are much more familiar with if they do not want to upgrade.
Well hello Joseph_A,  I relise you do not offer the chance to redownload the old version, I had it as a back up.  I reinstalled the back up older version, which works on my phone. The login is the issue, something which you and your colleagues are suggesting Skype/Microsoft have made sure people will have to upgrade in order to be able to log in.  This is blackmail.  I would like a refund of my existing credit as I wish to move to a different platform.
From what I have read as there were automatic updates longer than 14 days ago my money is stuck in the Skype credit system.  Can you confirm this please?  Also:- 1/ Is there anyway to refund my Skype credit and can you explain exactly how I can do this? 2/ If there is no way to refund my Skype credit where will this credit go if I never use it? 3/ Can you confirm who the Skype credit belongs to please? 4/ If the Skype credit belongs to me then can I have it back? 5/ If the Skype credit belongs to me but Skype are unable to refund my Skype credit can you confirm that Skype is refusing to refund my Skype credit? 6/ If Skype change a product which a user purchased said product does not like does the user have any rights to keep using the original program they preferred before Skype/Microsoft (july 1st) forced people to use the new version and not allowing them to revert back to a better previous version? 7/ If Skype/Microsoft are refusing to let users log in as they a forcing people to upgrade to the new version is this not seen as a breach of contract from it's original form?  Look forward to hearing your reply.  To me this all seems a very deliberate action on part of Skype/Microsoft to make a product so user unfreindly to force them to use another more favourable Microsoft product instead. Just a guess.  A final question:- How many 4-5 stars and/or good feedback have Skype/Microsoft gained (in a percentage term - high number being good) since they implemented their new version on the Apple App Store?  I'm betting it's less than 2%.
Hi,  Thank you for the response.  I use skype 8.5.0 and Android 7.1.1  But i don't want anyone to see my friends in discover as mutual friends.  Its not that all my skype friends are interlinked.  It would be great if you have a option to on and off it.
Hi Danida,  Thanks for taking the time to help me out with my problem.  I signed into the account as you said and it seems to be working (it's been 5 days since I accidentally deleted my account). I can't see my past chats on skype. So now what steps do I follow to stop my account from being permanently deleted in the 60 day period?  Hope to hear from you soon. Thanks
Do you know how to remove the autocomplete on searches using bing bar for Windows Phone 8.1?  if i type in a letter, previous searches show up.
I need to change language in office:mac2011 from french to english. how can i do this?
I have now verified the site again,  bjuice.co.uk , and have access to webmaster tools dashboards....  My rank checker software is showing zero results at all  still
 Thanks for your reply.  If I didn't want to keep their program which I paid for, that would be the perfect solution.  I was hoping for a less drastic fix, however.  I've been using Windows since 3.1 and I know well how to delete programs.  And if I reinstall Debut (video capture tool) or any other of their products, NCH will take over context menu again, plus Start Menu as well (which I was able to manually delete).  As a last resort, I may have to delete Debut, but hoping for other less drastic fix.
Hi Michael de S, • Is your computer on Domain? Try giving full permissions to the folder and then try accessing it. To set folder permission, refer the below steps: a. Right-click the folder and select Properties. b. Click on the Security tab. c. Click Advanced in the lower right. d. In the Advanced Security Settings window that pops up, click on the Owner tab. e. Click Edit. f. Click Other users or groups. g. Click Advanced in the lower left corner. h. Click Find Now. i. Scroll through the results and double-click on your current user account. j. Click OK to all of the remaining windows except the first Properties window. k. Select your user account from the list up top and click Edit. l. Select your user account from the list up top again and then in the pane below, check Full control under Allow, or as much control as you need. m. You’ll get a security warning, click Yes. Hope this information is helpful.
Cassandra,  Is it possible to compress the PNG pictures using PowerPoint?  Or can a macro do that?  If so, I would like to get help.  As you know, I am not a VB developer.  
The text highlight tool does not appear on PowerPoint 2016 in my computer so there is no way for me to highlight any relevant text. It however shows up on my laptop (PowerPoint 2016) and appears on my other Office 2016 apps such as Word. Is there a way to get the tool on my Home ribbon? Any help will be appreciated.  
Since I don't use subscription, do you know why I have on Word 2016?
Thanks. What i mean is. Can i listen to my moblie phone voicemail over skype when im overseas?.  So that my phone is contected. 
Hi Sara,   Have you checked the information above? Does printer work properly now?   Thanks, TinaWilliam
how can I update my windows
Do you have English set as the default language?  Windows 10 Apps should generally default to those settings.  If using the Control Panel to configure this setting, English needs to be moved to the top.  If using the settings/gear to configure this, you need to select English and set it to the default by clicking on "Set as default".  
 This is nonsense - there is no access to eg turn on the camera. What have you been drinking? there is no way to do it from there. I looked very hard and there is some setting in there but not the stuff on the old toolbar
Thanks for reply.   Question....I am using the kindle fire hd.....not a phone.  Worked until 4 days ago.   I did not see it listed.   Is this same for the kindle fire hd tablet?  
Just today a different update came  on Amazon for kindle.  Was able to download on kindle fire.   Aug 29
Dumb reply from MSFT, we're talking Fire HD, not Fire Phone. Why is Skype on Fire HD tablet not longer working???
Is there an update on this matter?
I'm sorry, but that isn't my biggest issue..I just added the comment about the differing award amounts to highlight that several things are different.  The IMPORTANT issue is the missing search filters, which I absolutely must be able to use.  Why would they not be available simply by using Bing in another browser?  This doesn't make sense.  Attached is a screenshot of the same bing search in both Firefox and Opera side by side.    
Have you got program Trusteer Rapport installed? If so it's causing a conflict, uninstall it & Edge should work but ensure you have AV software for banking
Dear Joseph  Do you write about Iphone Skype APP?   Michael
 Dear  I use skype simultaneously on PC WIN10 and on Iphone 7. I inputed command /msnp24 on both. And AGAIN every day my status is changing from INVISIBLE to ONLINE. Especially when I calling from Skype.  How is reason of such bug, when it will be fixed?  Michael   
 Dear Joseph  I have uninstall Skype on Iphone, restart iphone and install and log one more time. Next I have reinstall Skype on Windows10 laptop.  And AGAIN my status sometimes changing from INVISIBLE to ONLINE.  Please help me. Now I trying avoid use this broken software. Could this bug be finally fixed? THANK YOU   Best Regards  Michael    
Why are you providing instructions for checking my Skype ID?  My Skype ID is correct.  It simply isn't searchable.  It had been before.  
when called on cell line, Skype call gets automatically put on hold.  How do i change these settings?
Gregg,  Any changes in the photo app for windows 10, still not allowing importing to different location or folder name? Also There are no import settings. The import starts as soon as the phone is connected.  Have they not placed this on the list of "improvements" to the app?  Thanks  Rachael
Thanks Sue...but I have followed this method three times...this is what I meant by "failed the test" In my opinion someone needs to call me direct. I had to give my last bank transaction date...all this is very worrying since skip could have seen my date of purchasing sky...hence its hard to tell if this is a scam or legit thanks
thank you for reply "Worldwide tab > Select United States > English" this I did.  Is there a format to use this search term?  What's "Ex:wiki" mean? Bing didn't even recognize "result:loc:us"
Erin, Thanks for the reply. This is definitely helpful. Wonder if there is some way to let Microsoft know the underlined letters are unresponsive...
I have this same issue. It is really frustrating that MSFT removed functionality with a newer generation of Office products. Would save me hours cumulatively if we got this in front of the team for a patch. The letters are underlined, yet the alt+underlined letter doesn't activate it? Escape doesn't close the box and bring you back to your slide? Can I have 2010 back?
sorry tried it but when I hit search box drop down appears underneath with past searches did what you told me but no joy anything else can do cheers 
Does it happen with a particular file or on all PowerPoint files? Do you get any error message when you try to add a hyperlink into the PowerPoint?   You may also provide the event logs regarding PowerPoint crash, click here.    Note: As Office XP on Windows 7 is not compatible, you may consider purchasing Office 2010.  
Hi, Todd So good to hear from you again. Thanks for getting back to me. I'm sorry I've not been able to reply sooner.  I know how to use the menu in the way you've shown, to select a certain size range overall for ALL THE DIFFERENT images displayed. What I'm talking about specifically is the ability to get multiple size choices for the SAME image., and it's one of the image searching features that puts Bing head and shoulders above Google, IMHO.  I'm an almost daily contributor to  Fark.com. I search the internet for funny pictures in a variety of topics and post them there. I prefer pictures in a sort of "Goldilocks" range: nothing that's too big, and nothing that's too small. This is where this now-broken feature comes in handy.  To illustrate further, and expand on the images I posted above, please compare this image with the first image I posted:    If you look carefully, you'll notice that the underlined image size in the first image above is grayed out, while the one in this image is brighter, indicating an active link. As I mentioned, if I time it right, I can click on that link if I do it within a second after refreshing the page, after which point the link grays out and goes dead.  That link leads to:    A page with multiple copies of the same image, all from different sources, with the larger sizes arrayed at the top of the page, ranging all the way down ...    ... to the smaller sizes at the bottom of the page. Yeah, I can still access it, but I have to be quick and click on that link in the first second after refreshing the page, and it doesn't always work. This is NOT the way it is supposed to work, and not the way it has worked for as long as I've been using Bing.  Additionally, the second picture I posted in my original post, there are three boxes marked "Large", "Medium" and "Small", plus a fourth link that says "Search all sizes". These links are still highlighted like the function, but they always lead to a dead page that says "We did not find any results for ...", and these are pictures that ALWAYS have other results.  No amount of quick-fingered clicking will make these links function like they should.  This has been an incredibly useful feature to me, and it's now broken. It doesn't work in Firefox or Internet Explorer on my computer, and I checked a friend's computer and it doesn't work in IE or Google Chrome on theirs. I think if you tried it on yours that you'd find it doesn't work like it's supposed to in Edge either.  This is a function I've been using for quite a long time, and I can say without hesitation that it is broken, and the fault is with Bing, not with my computer, as I've checked another computer and got the same results.      
Thanks so much Julie for helping me with that!  What's the maximum # of contacts that can be added to one group call? cheers Brett 
How do I share my desktop view via Skype?
Hi Susan,  That's interesting, but I never have those 2 situations, so it should not affect my code. (Didn't there used to be a way to mark answers as helpful, even if they did not resolve your issue? I can't find that button at the moment.)  Many thanks.  Keith
First let me thank you for so much patience and information on my problem, as well as explaining things in an understandable form. The reason it took a minute to respond is because I had to erase more programs which I am finding are important in order to have the ability to get back to you. My notebook is threatening to crash yet I am seriously blocked out of doing anything at all. the programs I have on it are my Windows, my Passport,  my Microsoft downloads, Web Storage, Asus programs, Office 365 for home edition, Visual Studio 2010 - 15 and their components, and basic files that come along and are needed to run this notebook/laptop. I I believe its called the ASUS ATOM, its model # is X205TA. the processor is an Intel (R) ATOM (TM) , 1329Mhz, 4 core(s), 4 Logical Pro. Installed Physical Memory (RAM)=2.00 GB, Total Physical Memory=847 MB, Total Virtual Memory=2.28 GB, Available Virtual Memory=880 MB, Page File Space=351 MB. I am told I have to keep 2GB open in order to utilize my 1.02 Terabyte of space on the cloud, as well as my other 500 MB of space on the cloud. my WD Passport Ultra is being used to hold my history, I do have an ASUS External Slim DVD-RW Removable device as well, is there a way to burn the history onto a DVD, wipe the passport ultra clean, turn it temporarily into a storage device in order to lighten the load on my hard drive in order to get into those Terabytes in order to utilize them for storage then turn my other 500 GB'S into the history saving file leaving my passport for important protected files?
Hi,    We had done an upgrade for the skpe tx unit's controller app, after it doesn't responds. Why? Upgraded  to V2.17.720.3 from V1.0.8902.40.  What to do now?
How do I display the height of a row on my Spreadsheets?
A huge part of my work involves putting together MSWord documents with tons of hyper-linked lists on each page. Word is supposed to allow one to setup as default for all links on a page or document “open links” in a new page as the target frame when a link is clicked. Which is supposed to append " 	 "_blank" at the end of a link. but there is a bug, that feature doesn't work. It works for setting up one link at a time, but if you’re working with several hundred links on a page, setting one link at a time is a huge time waste or downright unfeasible.  Is there a registry or some other fix for such a problem? Or does anyone know of an HTML editor that would allow as default "open all links in a new window"? Thanks!
Hi Alejandro,  Are you still getting the same issue? Let us know if still need help.  Regards, Ronald
Hello Jessica frog,  Welcome to Skype Community forum!  I understand the importance for you to use our services, do not worry, let me help you with this.  To isolate the issue, please try to open the Skype website using a different browser and then check if you will be able to see the Skype number tab under Manage features.  Please also check your Skype number's privacy settings, if it allows to receive calls from your contacts only, people who are not yet on your contact list would not be able to call it. Please check this link for the steps: Why am I not receiving calls to my Skype Number?  Let me know if the issue persist. 
Thanks Kyle!  This seems sort of silly that Microsoft would include this in their low-margin, subscription offering and not their licensed version.  Are you aware of any way to get the icons, perhaps in an add-in?  I have not been able to find anything close.
I can sign in to my account via Web Skype but the desktop app (Version 6.15 (335)) no longer accepts the same account name and password. I cannot use later versions on this iMac running OS10.7.5 Help would be appreciated.
i have  problem with instaling new Skype,because i have old MAC 
My Excel files are stored in OneDrive and some have AutoSave On and some have AutoSave Off. So far I couldn't find a way to have all my .xlsx Excel files with AutoSave On. 
My AutoSave is dimmed and off in all files, all the time. I don't get it. Sometimes in some files it works, and sometimes it doesn't work in all files at all. All my files are in OneDrive and they're all .xlsx.  I asked Microsoft support and so far no response. Thank you for taking the time to answer my question.
Do you have an email address that starts with stezewski70 and is registered on the gmail.com domain? This can e.g. be stezewski70(at)gmail.com
I was informed there will be a password change and I do not remember my present password to get  in to change it.
 Hi Thanks it worked why did it work?  
how to see youtube?
Hi,  Calling from the chat window gives the same thing - it calls Skype-to-Skype rather than offering an option to call a phone number.  I entered the phone number directly in Skype on Mac and iPhone. On the Mac, it recognized the number and displayed the contact's name. On the iPhone, it just showed the phone number. The previous iPhone version showed the contact's name.  It seems that the new version of Skype on the iPhone does not see all the same information that the previous version saw, and that Skype on Mac still sees. Is this a known issue and can it be addressed?  Thanks, Mikayla
Hi Tracy,  Did you refer to the suggestions? Feel free to post back if you need further help.  Regards, TinaEdward
i cannot open window media player
Hi Alexandria,  Have you tried LucChristina's suggestion? Is there any updates?  Regard,. LindaMolly
Hi, Christina,  Thanks for the suggestion—this works and looks really good.   If the five drops idea turns out to be impossible, I'll implement this.  The only "issue" with this solution is that there's text inside the shape, and I don't love the way the drop slides behind it. So that's part of the reason for wanting the five drops to work.   Many thanks for your time!
Hi,  Thank you for that response.  I don't know why but i don't have that folder on my iMac? I have done a system search also for those files and it comes up with nothing?  Regards  James 
Hi Jonel_G  Thanks again for the response.  I managed to find the files finally.  They were hidden files and I had to do trickery (magic ) to find them eventually.  Deleted the files, restarted same same. He calls me it works, I call him no video will start on either end.  I will try a different internet connection tonight.  Unfortunately (and rather sadly) this is the only person I regularly skype, but will see if I can find someone else to try with.  I will also ask them to delete the files also.  Regards  
I have my Windows 10 system setup for English Canada, and had always been that way. But some application sill show up in french; Calculator, Photo, Skype, Microsoft Store,... I can find no way to switch these back to English.  
How do I do that?
Hi Joneravouvou,  Please let us know your updates at your convenience if you need further help.   Thanks, Jessica 
Do you see this in any document created in Word (new as well as existing documents)? Or does it occur in a specific document?
I have Skype for Windows 10 2017 also ... I followed the instructions above but my setting don't show a contact list. I too blocked someone I need to unblock ASAP! I've tried everything and can't find a blocked list or any unblock features.
HI Ryan the Presenter Mode did work! and the font size increased. Thank you. However it doesn't increase in the Normal View which is the view I use to create the PP. Saving does not work. Any more ideas?  
How do I make a group video call?
Hi,  No I did not mean to have so simple headers.  I wanted to see the way to build them AUTOMATICALLY since the information it ontained are Headings now.  In other words, my question should be, How to include AUTOMATICALLY those headings and perhaps other information.  Best  Serge
Hi,  Thank you very much for your answer which, for some reasons, I only discovered today.  I have reviewed all the nfo you forwarded but unfortunately it does not work for me.  Why?  I cannot see anything in the field ref of the quick parts which would refer to headings.  I believe that the doc was written for a much earlier version of Word and that things must have changed for Word 10   It would be nice to know how to reference those fields as they are vital for what I want to do.  Any ideas?  Best  Serge 
Hi KatherineShekhar,   Are you referring to Skype-to-Skype calls or receiving calls on you’re Skype Number? Also, when did the issue started? Is it happening to all incoming calls?    I look forward to your reply.   Thanks.
  Hi Heather,  I ran activity monitor and then opened Word and took screenshots of what came up (not overly sure what any of it means) I don't actually have any add-ins (hence the confusion) but I have attached the error message as well.  The version I am running is OS X Yosemite version 10.10.5.  WORD IS NOW WORKING FOR THE TIME BEING, UNSURE WHY AS I HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING SINCE POSTING THIS.       
Hi, I am using two laptops. One allows me to use snipping tool to copy paste the image into Skype conversation box but the other does not have an option to paste image. Why is this so ? Is there something I should configure in skype ? Thanks !
My play store is not loading it keep on saying we're having trouble loading try again later and it said error can you fix this problem thank you am using Lumia 520 8.1 phone
Hello,  I am using the exact same credentials and yet, the problem still persist. All i have showing are my emails contacts.  How can this problem be solved?
when will Word get this function?  
What if they do t have the skype app on thier phone and it still shows they've been online and they say they don't have skype 
Hi Kristin,  How did you create the chart? I have tested from my side PowerPoint 15.37, I can select the primary axis and able to change the color to fill what I need.  Please go to the PowerPoint menu and choose About PowerPoint to check the version of PowerPoint. If the version is not 15.37, go to Help > Check for Updates to install updates, then create your check again to check the outcome.  If the issue persists, please share the following information with us. 1) What kind of chart you created? 2) Right click the chart and select Format Data to open Format Data Series panel to check whether you choose primary and secondary separately. 3) Record a video about how you select the chart and how to try to change the color.  Regards, WilliamJennifer
Hi Kristin,  Can you fill the color as you wish?  Please let us know if you need further assistance.  Regards, WilliamJennifer
But what if they had been .docx documents? Does that matter?   Why did that happen without my being warned of it and told how to take action? I actually thought those documents were now dangerous because they could cause the operating system to do something strange!!! I did try to open one or two and it did open the Console as if it were an executable file.   I deleted some because I thought they were dangerous. I retrieved many from Time Machine, but probably not all of them. How can I use Time Machine to search for all the Unix Executable files in case there were some I missed? 
Guys, I am very upset that since I bought a stand alone version of Excel for Mac for $109.99 and not the 365 Subscription I can not customize the ribbons. This is just not right. Can I somehow turn on the option? And how many other options won't I be able to use? Thanks, Carl 
I am looking for ways to print multiple powerpoint slides on the left half of the page with blank unlined space on the right half of the page for writing notes.  Is there a way to do this?  I would like 2 or 3 slides per page but don't want the lines that are given with the 3 slide option.  Is there a way to get around the pre-defined options for printing handouts? 
I know they are added on both sides. That appears then goes away then comes back again 
Thank you!!! I did all yours orientations as you seen me. But micro don't work on videocalls I can do a correct videomessage. Must I wait for a new update to Skype? If you have more ideas, send me your help. Thank you. Yours Brian 
Thanks for fast answer, but I can`t even download http://download.skype.com/msi/SkypeSetup_7.40.0.103.msi. The same error "Current settings of security denied download this file", i think it's "rising of Windows machines" and Sarah Connor was right.
I have the same problem - does anyone have an answer? 
Thank you for your response.   Have you already tried the steps I provided and may I know what troubleshooting you already did?   I look forward to your reply.   Thanks.
Where on the harddrive can I find them?  When I search in Skype and press the message I want to be taken to the app just crashes.
I rely on Skype to send SMS messages and for calling internationally. My phone updated to the new version of Skype. And the SMS facility has been removed. Why? Can I revert to the old version? The old software must exist . . .  Thanks Furious and frustrated
I too am frustrated with this loss of a service I used, and paid for.  It recently left me high and dry without any prior warning when I was overseas.  Is there an ETA for the SMS to be functioning again in the Android app?  Can I install and use the desktop version on my Android phone? (Samsung Galaxy S5)  I just changed the settings in my Skype account to give a CallerID for SMS messages instead of my Skype name, but will that help?  And how will that work if I can't send SMS on my phone?  Help please!
I understand the need for Skype credit or a subscription.  What I don't understand is what I do when I am using a France sim card in Europe as my phone number will be different than my US number.  Do I need to open a new account or can I add the sim card number to my existing account.  Thanks
Hi Kelsey,   1. When exactly are you getting this error message? 2. Do you remember making any changes to the computer prior to this issue?   The werfault.exe is used for Windows Error Reporting. It is a feature that allows Microsoft to track and address errors relating to the operating system, Windows features, and applications. It gives you the option to send data about errors to Microsoft and to receive information about solutions.   Step 1: Try turning it off temporarily and see if this will fix the problem. a. Click Start and type services in start search and press Enter. b. Locate Windows Error Reporting service in the services list c. Right-click on it and click Properties. d. Open "Startup type" list and select "Disabled" and click OK. e. Check and see if you are still getting the werfault.exe error. Also refer the link: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows7/What-happened-to-Problem-Reports-and-Solutions   If you are still facing issue, then try a clean boot. Step 2:
"If you are still facing issue, then try a clean boot." What is a Clean Boot?
Is that anything to do with the question?
It doesn't work. I do all your steps and every time I download Skype the file shared.xml is downloaded too. Everyone still sees my computerscreen instead of me.  How can I start a chat?  
I have a very similar question, b u t  I have lost connection with my old skype. When I try to open the old version I just get a page telling me that I should allow cookies.  I've checked everything I can think of to comply with this and as far as I can tell cookies are all allowed. However, I still cannot open my old skype it just keeps giving me the same problem page !  Now what ?  I did my best to export a list of my contacts which I have saved onto my desktop but I don't know how to apply / move etc. them into my new skype. Has anyone got suggestions ?
Thank you so much for this suggestion.    I have two questions before I try it.  1)  Will deleting all of these Skype files also delete my Skype contacts?  2)  I have Skype v6.15 saved in my applications list, as I had the above problem previously and was able to get around it by returning to v 6.15 (however the app forced me to us the updated version again) -- can I keep this saved version, or do I have to delete it in order to follow your suggested solution?  Thanks again. 
Hi,  Thanks again for your response.  I am still having absolutely no luck with Skype.  I followed all of your instructions, and reinstalled the latest version, and it still will not connect with my contacts.  I can dial, I can see that my contact initiates connection, and then every time the call drops after about 5 seconds.  I conduct a portion of my business through Skype, and so this is becoming a major problem for me.  Is there anything else you can think of to suggest?  Thanks for your time.  
Hi Marites,  Thank you for your response and assistance.  I tried to follow your instructions however when I got to step 3 and tried to delete the shared file I got the following message- The action can't be completed because the file is open in skype. I had alreay signed out of skype, which I assume is the same as quiting skype.... Not sure how or where I'd go to close that particular file.  Regards, Williamley 
What values are showing in all of those cells?
Hi Haley,  Have you referred to the suggestion above?  Regards, FelixKevin
I am paying 6.99 for calling Israel no way it will not work, why I should pay
????????? what happened to my question why there was no answer
I have the very same problem here. Soon as skype connects, the headset icon on the top bar disappears und the Bluetooth headset is switched off.  Anything that can fix this?
Try call different number and see whether problem persist? Try disconnect from internet and restart your PC and reconnect and see whether problem persist? 
Thank you so much for your timely responce. My Skype account was created several years back, and that contributed my confusion with my user name.  Besides, it seems that I now have several passwords for my "Microsoft account. " Could this be right? For instance, I am supposed to use Microsoft account password for logging in my PC at home, which didn't get changed with my Skype password. I am not sure how many other "Microsoft accounts" I have. I also use Microsoft products at work, too.   If you could advise me on how to sort out my accounts, I appreciate it greatly. Thank you again.  
 I have created a local account and when i tried to connect it to s Microsoft account it shows that  " Sorry we couldn't connect to Microsoft services right now. If this problem persists, search for network problems on start screen." I had a stable internet connection and still whenever I try to connect or to create a new account shows the same. I even tried resetting, refreshing but no use.
No other devices at all ...  is it possible for it to show you e been active  if your on something else that's linked to it as I don't have the app anymore or  is the only way possible For it to show you've been active on skype is if you actually log In to skype 
Thanks for your reply about mulitple video screens. I understand that this is not an option that skype itself offers, but are you aware of any software that enables this, such as manycams? (i know that many cams works for broadcasters not watchers) So currently there is no way possible to watch more than one video stream over skype at a time? I do know that you can open skype mulitple times through your browser if you have more than one browser, so do you know if its possible to watch two different video streams at a time this way?
Yes and no.. for the answer... Thankyou though..  Yes.. it did answer my question.. that it is possible to view more than one skype video call at a time.. but no.. as in your answer is restricted.. I do understand why thought.. and appreciate the reply supplied all the same..  So... you can open skype for web from browser while already on a skype call, but cannot view video streaming while doing this? I hope i got that correct.  I had noticed sometimes when i am online talking with someone and their profile says that they are online.. but suddenly i get a pop up in orange telling me that they are online.. I already know this, as i can see it in skype contacts, as well as I am already talking with them. Does this occur when they sign into skype for web or other software that utilizes skype while on a call already? I created a second account to test my theory and that seemed to be the case... That whenever i opened my outlook account or such, Skype reminded my contacts that i was online. Thankyou so much for the information already shared by the way.. it is appreciated.
Hi Skype charge money for the subscription which I cancelled and also they didn't give me the mintes for the call. What is this . . . ? Can you please reply . . .  Thanks, Robert. 
Hello, Skype Moderator, if there is no telephone support, could you supply a working link to the chat line. I am unable to find a link that works on your pages. Thanks very much. Peggy 
Hi Madison,   We'd like to verify, were we able to resolve your concern?  We are looking forward to your response.
Ah that worked. Thanks!   Do you know if I am able to put this feature in a hyperlink? For example, in my email signature, where the person can click to call or message or add.
I have tried the MS chat and they were not able to help either they suggested I keep trying to fill out that online form to recover and that is my only hope.  So I need to keep trying to talk to a computer instead of a human being to try and recover my account in other words I am at the mercy of a computer.  Honestly this is so ridiculous. I am unable to recover my account. I think you guys have made some changes due to which I am not able to sign in anymore. I dont know what it is but I have been signing in with the same account for the last 5 years with the same password and now I cannot sign in. I first noticed this problem on my phone where I was logged out for some reason and not able to sign in.  You could easily verify my identity and confirm me as the owner of this account by presenting an intelligent human being to whom I could talk to and show him how I have logged in to this account via my phone and via my laptop from certain IP addresses. But no, this is a hassle for you and you'd rather make me try to communicate with a dumb computer in my futile attempt to retrieve my account.  Please note this account was registered pre Microsoft buyout of skype and now I cannot login to it.  Lost an account just like that. Its unbelievable. Your reset process absolutely sucks. Why not send some link to the associated email address so I can unlock it??? Or send an SMS to the associated mobile phone number? All my contacts gone, all chat history gone my skype account gone. 
Hi Maureen,  Do you still have the issue?  Thanks, RenaEmily
This "solution" to remove a background graphic simply covers it up with a white background - I want to actually delete the background graphics so it does not come back when the white fill is removed It got there somehow so you must be able to delete / replace it
I know what you talking about, but what I am looking for is a remote desktop working off a server. I have one for my work computer so that I can access it from anywhere. Also I have a work partner who lives in another state who uses the desktop while I am om my computer. What you do for this program, is back everything up to the server and when you log in you aren't really even using the PC that the info came from. Instead you are accessing a server with all the info on it.
The directions you give are not applicable for the Skype I have (Version 7.56 (776))...  But also, I need to be able to share my screen sometimes... I would just like to be able to use webcam when I want to use webcam and share screen when I want to share screen.   I would really like some help on this please. 
Hi,   I my case i bought the too many months ago. How can i get my money back?
I also tried to merge accounts from the windows desktop app, there's no option to do it there. - in the mean time i can't use my phone for skype calls.
Brittany Gal,  Do you work for MICROSOFT?  You have given me a link to 3rd party website!
Thank you! What do i do if the number os sentences exceeds the length of the screen on my ipad? I cant seem to capture the entire script all at once. Thanks again!
 I am sorry to hear that you are having issue with your Skype application for Windows 10. I will help you on that.  You, and the person you're calling should follow these steps: 1. Use the latest version of Skype. We're always improving call quality, so for best performance, make sure that you and the person you're calling are using the latest version of Skype. Download the latest version. 2. Check your connection. If your audio or video calls freeze, your video looks block-like or has motion blur, it might be your internet connection (or your friend's) causing the problem. If Skype detects a weak connection, it will reduce the quality to try and stop the call from dropping altogether. 3. Is another application interfering with your call? Close any applications that could be interfering with your call. File sharing applications, streaming audio or video, or even just having a web browser open are all things that can eat up bandwidth. For source and reference, please go to this link click here.
Do you understand how important is this point ? It is incredible to not have alerted users before. We have lost very important data without being able to save them. And Skype now adds contacts from others, which violate privacy. What is the next step ? Read our messages ?
Any future updates expected for the same?
Are you able to use different Microphone? Have you installed the latest version of Skype?
Hello Diana,  Welcome to Skype Community.  As what Cyber_Defend_TeamKatherine added, have you tried a different kind of Microphone for your Mac device? And can you please try to update your Skype for Mac to the latest version? Please go to this link, click here to know more about it.  If you managed to update your Skype application, please try to do a echo test call.  - How do I test my sound is working in Skype (make an Echo test call)?  We look forward to your response.  Regards,
Thank you both very, very much for the different codes.  I have tried all of them as best I could. I used all 4 codes with the original page breaks in place. I used all 4 codes after re-setting page breaks, and then setting print areas. I used all 4 codes after re-setting page breaks completely.  Unfortunately, none of this worked.  With the last 2 codes, the array formula was red (error) with the two ((, so I removed one to make it (, and the red line (error) went away.  I sincerely appreciate the efforts, and perhaps Trevor Ogilvy was correct with the first thought that this possibly cannot be done with a macro either. We may just need to strongly encourage people to not print these out and view them electronically.
Thanks a lot!! .... I had the same problem and it was solved that way ... but I wanna ask, do I need to keep the Skype folder on my desktop?? or can I move it somewhere else or trash it?? ... You know I like to keep my desktop clean and tidy ":) 
Hello EmmaMeyerSkype1,   Welcome to Skype Community forum!  In order for me to help you resolve this issue, kindly provide me the following information: 1. Are you trying to launch Skype and after logging in the Skype homepage does not appear? 2. Are you getting any error messages? 3. Kindly take a screenshot of the Skype screen whenever you're trying to pull it up.  You may also try these steps to isolate the issue:  1. If you installed third party anti-virus, disable it. 2. Uninstall Skype after. Log out from Skype > Click Skype button on the top menu and choose Quit > open your Applications folder and drag the Skype icon to trash. 3. Click anywhere on your screen and click Go on the top menu, choose Go to folders and type ~/Library/Preferences, click GO and drag com.skype.skype.plist to the trash. 4. Restart your computer. 5. Download and install Skype.  We'll look forward to your reply.
Its says 'coming soon' no matter what country the recipient is in :(
What do you suggest posting at UserVoice? This issue is caused by a buggy update, as the KB article explains. Uninstalling the update is currently the only solution.
I STILL CANT SEE THE ICONS ON THE TASKBAR WHEN THE TASKBAR IS ON THE BOTTOM 
We never had any issues importing swf files into PowerPoint 2010 in the past. Have they taken this feature away?
Thank you for responding.  So does this mean that if i have been chatting to someone on skype and the symbol changes to a ? They have deleted me as a contact?
No it doesn't show up in the print window.  How do I take a screen shot? Mac OS Sierra, version10.12.6.  Microsoft excel 2008 for Mac, version 12.3.6.  All workbooks.  
Hi Erin,   For us to move forward, could you provide the information JimElizabeth mentioned?   Thanks, CliffMargaret
Is there such a service you can recommend? 
Nicole, Thanks for the quick response.  One more question, where is the "text format" bar?
Thanks for the reply!  What determines the "calling to" if Im already in that country? Is it where my phone was purchased (US)? - For example, if I'm in Japan and I'd like to call a friend who lives in Japan, that will be considered a US > JPN call?  Is it safe to assume additional Data charges from T-Mobile will apply if I use my T-Mobile iPhone to make those (Japan local) Skype?   Best, 
I have generally the same question about updating my ASUS TF600T (with keypad) now running on Windows RT 8.1 to Windows 10. The processor is an NVIDIA TEGRA 3 Quad Core CPU at 1.30 GHz, with RAM of 2.00 GB, a 32-bit OS, ARM based processor. The tablet has been completely updated with all updates from Microsoft after determined by running a scan and has little to no used space as all storage is to flash sticks. Everyone tells me, including IT guys and your website, that this PC should be updatable. But when I download the MediaCreation tool to a 32 GB flash drive to do this, as per directions from the Microsoft site, I am told that "This app can't run on your PC. To find apps for this PC, open the Windows Store." So with everything that I have told you, and I think I have provided everything there is to know for a simple answer, the question is a simple one--(1) Can I install Windows 10 (any version) and (2) what are the steps. Please, a simple yes/no answer and then an explanation of how to do this would be greatly appreciated. Thank you, Timothy
i have unblocked them since a few days and im still not getting their messages. is there a way i can fix that and start chatting with them again? does it mean i will never be able to chat with them?
Hi Joseph,  Thank you for the reference material. Unfortunately, these help topics do not cover the particular problem we're having. We are able to use and record screenshares without issue. The problem is trying to record the screenshare and webcam--two remote feeds--at the same time on newer versions of Skype.  Here's how the process works in version 7.44 of Skype:  We've done some research and looked into other call recording software for Skype, including those referenced on your link, but none can do what we're looking for. Is there anything we can do to re-enable the functionality we're looking for in newer versions of Skype?  Thanks again for your help! J 
Ok, thanks! I was reading it and saw this: To Restore or Refresh your Computer Locate the power menu on the Windows 8 sign-in screen.  While holding down the “Shift” key, select “Restart”.  This will put your PC into System Recovery.  Does this make you lose your data from both accounts, or will it be ok?   
I tried your suggestion and it didn't work. I also tested this formatting issue on my friends laptop and they're experiencing the same issue (column formatted text not minimizing under headers). Do you know of anything else I can try?   
Thank you so much - I've been trying to get a straightforward answer on this issue for a week now, and you've given it to me. I'm guessing there's no workaround that exists to make it so that the transition from normal text to columns isn't registered as a section break? 
Hi Rhiza, That's understandable. However, the difference between the two versions is negligible, supported by the fact 3.18 runs on my device while it is not quite supposed to. I just wondered how to restore functionality that was removed from one legacy version while preserved in the other.
The phone's currently running lollipop 5.0  This is what shows on the play store though. With no option to update.  
Split from this Office for Mac thread. Is there a similar solution for PCs? We are using Word 2016 with Windows 10. All prior XML Ribbon customizations disappear in Word 2016. TIA
While text-to-speech is very cool, there is plenty of software to support this.  What about math problems?  Is there any microsoft or after market technology (like a digital art pad or similar) that is compatible with OneNote?    I love OneNote and I want to keep loving it.  To keep up with notes in class I need a good option for notes in math or electrical/mechanical besides hand drawing and scanning in as a pdf, then importing to OneNote through either file, or printing.   I guess a really large trackpad designed for compatibliltiy with a digital pen/pencil would do the trick nicely.  I don’t want to write on paper to transcribe to computer though, so the notetaking pens are out.  Any ideas?
I have Windows 10 not Windows 8.1. DO YOU WORK WITH WINDOWS !)? 
Hi Jhony,  Have you referred to my suggestions above?  Regards, Susan
Alyssa, you wrote your reply on June 27, 2017 it is now September 29, 2017. Do you have any idea how may months is going to take to fix this problem?  I have gotten so use to the formatting panel that I am loss without it.    I can go back to using word perfect, but haven't had to use that project in years.  
Sound interesting enough, can you, please, give me some more details?
Where would i find this mute button? So it enables me to mute another listener? 
Well hello! Some of us need talking through these things, ya know??!  You are talking double dutch to me and I can safely say, millions of others.  I too would like to know if I can change the operating system on my Surface 2 from RT 8.1 because it isn't compatible with my work system.  Your arrogant reply is not helpful.
Hi, Thanks for your reply..I found the problem that was causing my issue, there wasn't any program associated with the .iso file type. I fixed it via the registry, now when I click on the .iso image file I want to burn to a dvd, I'm offered to use windows disc image burner once again. David 
What did you change in the registry?
Both Jasper. I need to be able to turn off both typing indicators, the one I see when others type as well as the typing indicator that others see when I type.
And what is it that makes you want to disable it? If we understand why, it'll be easier to prioritize the idea among the other things we have on the ToDo list.
I suggest starting off with easy troubleshooting steps. First, please restart your Mac. Did the problem go away?
Hi Daniel,  Did the issue still exist? Do you need further help?  Thanks, QingBarbara
Hi Brooke,   Thank you for that information.   With that, I will be sending you a message for us to further assist you with your sign in issue. Kindly check your email for the details. You can check it here: Inbox   Marites P.   Skype Community Moderator  
 Windows 7  No  If not, what Skype version do you have installed on your device? 7.40.0.103   
Thank you for the information, Vivian.  This game has a mature rating and cannot be accessed when using a child account. With that said, there's a possibility that the account you are using to play the said game is a child account. Just to confirm, is this the first time that you encountered this issue? If not, we advise using an adult account to play the said game.  Feel free to post back should you have further concern.
Hi Karen,  I have the same issue I think.  My mom can call out from her new Fire 8 HD, but does not get any notification of an incoming call.  When I pressed the "Test push notifications" option, there is an error message which says the device does not accept push notifications.  All of the notifications settings on the Fire are turned on.  I would be grateful if you could could message me with the solution also.  Thank you,  Fiona
I am also having the same issue as the above with contacting via skype with my mothers fire tablet to mine. It worked flawlessly the first time and now all we get is a long period of it saying connecting and then missed call. please send me a solution. Hope you have a great day. Respectfully requested, paula
That's odd. Maybe it's not where I expected. Is this on the desktop, or in the Start menu?  Might be worth just right-click "Uninstall" and the install it from the store again.
Hi Elizabeth,   For us to further assist you with regard to your contacts, may we have the screenshot on what are you seeing on your end? Please remove any personal or sensitive information.   We look forward to your response.   Thank you!   Marites P.   Skype Community Moderator        
 Hey, Danida.    I followed your instructions but it turns out that Microsoft already has my year-of-birth registered as part of my Microsoft online-account.  And there is no way to get rid of the year.  The only thing that I can do is to change it to some other year in which I was not born, and I don't see any point in doing that.    So, this begs the question:  Given that Microsoft already knows my full birthday, *WHY* is Skype asking me for information that it clearly already has???  --Adam
Hi Ryan,  I actually had done all those steps before posting the question and unfortunately nothing helped. I have 5 pcs that have the same problem where the text doesn't show and the row/cell cant be selected at all to check for any formatting. Is there anything else you suggest I can try?  Thank you, 
Helpful link, thanks.  Unfortunately I cannot give you the whole picture, or even anything like the whole picture, but some things to look out for:  a. the Sharepoint data types do not map all that well onto the Word content control types. (There are a lot more of the former, for one thing).  b. Some of the mapping, in particular the presentation choices, used to be better when the old Document Information Panel (DIP) was available, in the sense that the display *in the DIP* conformed better to the data type in Sharepoint. But I do not think for example you can present a multiple choice as a set of radio buttons in Word.  c. As far as I know, the current version of Word Online lets you see content controls (and even the content control Name tags) but does not let you edit their contents. I think you have to use an Office (Javascript) Add-in to do that. However, even that may depend on whether you are using the "public" version of Word Online or one hosted by a private SharePoint site, although I assume that the latter version always catches up to the former .  d. When you edit in Desktop Word, what Word actually looks at to try to validate the data in a content control is the XML schema that is generated by SharePoint and inserted along with the Server metadata. But the user does not necessarily get to see that they have invalid data until they click outside the control or try to save. But some of the constraints that you might think would be applied are not - for example, if you specify a multiline type in SharePoint, you can specify a maximum line count, and AFAIK you do not get to specify a character count limit. But when you enter a new line in a plain text content control in Word, what Word inserts is a hard line return, and the resulting lines do not appear to count as lines as far as SharePoint is concerned. Further, Word seems to impose a 255 character maximum whatever SharePoint allows.  e. Because the Word checkbox content control type was not one of the original types, SharePoint does not use it. (Although I think perhaps it should, now). So the obvious user interface element for Yes/No type values is not used. Instead, you get a dropdown that presents "true" and "false" choices, and theya re literally those choices because that's what gets sent in the XML.  f. As a general rule, indexed types are probably not going to work as you might like. e.g. a Lookup just presents a number, not the text actually referenced by the lookup. And I don't think stuff such as Person/Group or Managed MetaData types will work properly. **EDIT: At least some of the stuff that you used to be able to do in the DIP you can now do in BackStage in the Property editing area. In fact some of it is better in thte sense that you do get to see lookups etc. from SharePoint.
Thanks Mindy,  Looks like there's a lot of stuff that does not work as expected. Do you know if this has been reported as faults to Microsoft using a Microsoft Premier Support agreement.  My experience is that once you reported the faults within a premier support agreement(and push it to be a design fault) you will get a change, even though it takes some time (approximate 9-12 months)  
Thanks for the clarification. There is a way on how to customize the timing of an animation or to rewind it back to its original position. We have an article on our support site that can help you with this question you have. Kindly visit the website provided and look for "Repeat or rewind an animation effect". This article, though applies to PowerPoint 2010, should still be applicable for PowerPoint 2016 and later versions. Kindly visit the link provided here: Set the animation timing or effect options. Let us know if you need further assistance.
Hi Amy,  I require the information to be on separate lines for the client I'm dealing with, is it a possibility that I can achieve this?  Thank you,
When I alt+f9 with this, it seems to completely disappear.  With my example when all the IF statements are individual it seems to work however with the code example you provided does not seem to show the values of the mailmerge.  My main issue is the blank 10 spaces, if they weren't there it would be fine  For example as it's an address I need: Address 1 Address 2 City County Postcode  I have two separate addresses with 10 lines of code each, so we'll take home address, and an office address  Office1 Office2 Office3 Office4 Office5 Office6 Office7 Office8 Office9 Office10 Home1 Home2 Home3 Home4 Home5 Home6 Home7 Home8 Home9 Home10   When I need the address to merge with the home address, I'm left with a document that looks like the following(Imagine there are blank spaces sending the information to near the centre of the page:           Home1 Home2 Home3 Home4 Home5 Home6 And so on  Is there any physical way I can get rid of those blank spaces caused by the mailmerge that didn't fit in the pattern so I'm left with an address in the top left hand corner?
Hi Amy,  Managed to use a test merge document and use the values in the test merge document with the IF... THEN... ELSE... function.  Then set the values to what I needed using the insert merge field button, and it's pulled up perfectly.  I only found it because of your help!   
I'm not familure with your terms.  Can I convert a picture to line art in Power Point?
Thanks, Paul, that is exactly what I mean. I need to preserve some aspects of the data aside from the value when it is copied, for example the colour coding, like this :    (There are actually dozens of columns of data).  BobMelanie has replied to suggest using ROW() function. I know I probably need to use this, but how exactly ?  Thanks for your help.
Hello AlejandroPreston,  Welcome to Skype Community forum!  To further assist you, can you confirm if you're using your email address or phone number to sign in to Skype, did you create your account using your phone number and have you tried to add another mobile number to your account?  We'll look forward to your reply.  
None of the Troubleshooting topics addressed the problems you mentioned:1)  corrupt Windows files or 2)  incorrect Windows settings. Also did not address 3) disk cleanup.  Please expalin what these mean and where to access to correct problems. I am techno-challenged.  Have you read the Troubleshooting topics? Which one would solve my problem? I'm not seeing any viable answers.
So... As far as i understand there are two problems - Windows 10 don't have proper drivers for that CPU, and that CPU (in example:  Qualcomm Snapdragon 800) have a bit different architecture and limited functionality comparing to normal CPU's (in example: Intel Atom Z3735G) and only that makes it impossible to install Win10, am I right?
Hey y'all,  Couldn't they install Windows 10 Mobile to replace RT instead? I know we'll probably miss out on functionality, but I'm thinking that we would at least have continued app support and updates.
how do i find my skype i.d?
The screen shot I just sent you shows the e-mail address button, but when I click on web page, it still won't let me paste the hyperlink in the Link to. Any suggestions? 
Hi Nathan,   Have you tried use Command-v rather than Ctrl-v to paste? How about entering the address directly? Does it work?   Besides, please create a new file to check whether the issue occurs.   If the issue persists, could you please provide the following info for us to troubleshoot: 1.Your OS version and Word version. (Open Word>click Word in the top menu>About Word) 2.The detailed reproduce steps. (For example, how did you insert the Hyperlink function? Select the text>right-click>Hyperlink…? or Insert>link?) It’s better to capture a video, you can share it in Private Message. 3.Did Word wok properly previously? If so, have you made some changes, like installing or updating some software? 4. Does the issue occur in other Office application, like PowerPoint?   Regards, ZixuanTeresa
I too have exactly the same problem. Mail, calendar and people, eBay, the chive, Facebook have all disappeared. I try to reinstall them from the store but they never reappear. I have made sure I am fully signed in and verified and I have tried to find the modern ui app recommended above but no joy. Without these apps my Windows experience is really limited and frustrating.  Please help! Regards James
Just to tie up the loose end on this thread, the problem resurfaced and I confirmed that ctrl+P was *not* assigned to PrintPreviewAndPrint.  Sheez.  What have the corporate IT folks done....
how do you edit an existing telephone contact in your Skype dial directory?
Update: I have figured out how to do it for each individual textbook, but is there a way to make it the default setting for all text boxes?   Thanks.
How do I get to my community inbox? Could you just use my email - ****    Personally identifiable information redacted by Moderator for privacy and safety. The Answers website private message system can not send messages to e-mail addresses outside of the system.
I installed version 1708 just now, then opened my docx file.  Same problems re formatting and page size.  Who knows if it will crash again.  Thanks for the tip.  Still hoping for help on the formatting and page size, please.  First is the page size.  It opens as A4 size instead of Letter size even though I've reset the size to Letter more than once before saving.  Second, why do the headers and the page numbers disappear?  It's a pain to have to redo them after every crash and recovery. Third is the endnote marker.  They were all set to superscript in a small font.  Reopening, they are now Tahoma size 11, without superscript.  If I can't change them all, doing them individually may take as much as three hours (it did Saturday).  Why has the format changed? Checking the format of a couple of these now wrongly formatted superscript markers, I see they are also marked as +Body.  That is a theme.  If I knew how to change the settings for +Body, I could perhaps simply change that to fix the endnote markers all at once.  How do I change +Body?       
 Unfortunately your suggestion didn't work. I updated the Internet Explorer but same problem exists.
Hi Denise,   Have you checked the information above? Let us know if you need further assistance.   Thanks, TinaGordon
Hi Brian  Thank you for your reply.  I ran the troubleshooter in step one, but the only problem that this identified was that the display was set too bright and which was automatically fixed.  I then used the commands in step two, which both ran in the command prompt successfully.  However, this does not appear to have affected the behaviour of the power meter.  I have noticed that despite the tablet being on charge for more than one hour, the keyboard battery charge has only moved from 6% to 7% in that time, which from my experience of how this previously charged, would be a very slow charging time.  I have also realised that despite the battery meter identifying that the keyboard battery is 'plugged in' and 'charging', the AC adapter that plugs into the mains electrical socket is cold, which would perhaps indicate that no actual charging is taking place.  However, the tablet battery is able to charge and charges quickly and fully.  TheEvan keyboard itself in little more than one year old and has not been used to excess, with it likely only having been charged a relatively small number of times.  I would therefore be surprised if the battery had failed.  Is it possible that in reality both batteries are fully charged, as evidenced by the cold AC adapter and that battery meter is displaying inaccurate information?  Regards  JasonKim
Hi Joshua,  Do you still have questions about this? If so, please let us know.  Thanks, RenaKelsey
Thanks for your hint. Good to know. On my device, however, the two battery saver modes have always been turned off.
On Windows 10 this update keep installing itself, how can I prevent it from reinstalling?
Thanks for your reply. The referenced page refers to Skype-to-Skype calls, and points to a call button that does not display on my app.  I am looking to call non-Skype phone numbers that have been imported to my Skype app from my cell phone. The contacts involved show phone numbers in Skype. When I tap on the contact in Skype, I am presented with a screen that wants me to send a Skype invite to that party, which I don't want to do, and there's no visible way to just dial the number.
I set up a skype account using my email address. I saw a support article that I should see my username under in the 'My Info' panel under my 'face' icon and name but where it should be is blank. Do I have a username that is separate to my email address and if so where would I find it? If not can I create one? How do people find me where they once used my username? My emaill address is long and I'd prefer to set up a shorter username. If this is stuck on using an email address how do I start again to create a username based account?
This is where it gets confusing and having out of date support materials doesn't help. Do I assume that:  If you created a Skype account some time ago, by creating a skypename, then the skypename will appear under your 'real name' as illustrated here: https://support.skype.com/en/faq/FA10858/what-s-my-skype-name  If you create a Skype account today you cannot create a skypename and thus it will not appear under your 'real name' as (erroneously) illustrated in the above support link?
Thank you, Zigzag  You know why it would come on by itself like that?
thanks I'll try  ..in the mean time, something similar happened, this time the Solver window is correctly inside the accessible Excel window, but no command possible! (i.e. clicking anywhere no action - Excel is shown at 2% activity)  
I have the SAME PROBLEM !!! HOW DO YOU FIX THAT ???  
Skype does not appear in my list of iphone apps on itunes when i connect my iphone to my mac. So i cant uninstall it directly through itunes.  what else can i do?
 Yes, I know. It's hard to say, but file explorer seems to be using more time than expected. But after that, what can I do?  The problem has gone away after I did an "online repair" (which seems to be a simple reinstall of Office, except that it keeps my data). I hope it stays that way.
Dear Susan   I have just done the steps you mentioned.   The messages got deleted from Classic Windows Skype application - but when I log in to Windows 10 Skype App - I can still see full history.    Do you understand my privacy concerns now?   If I want to delete my history, why do you still keep the history?
This does not help, i have tried everything, tried to uninstall an reinstall, the problem exists bot in ios and android, my notifications are on, nothing helped, i obly get a sound for notification for the first message, after that i get messages  but without sound notification for that and i'm not able the answer from notification bar cause hr messages will not be sent until i open skype
It works for some cells but some didn't work.  And the funniest part was it works for some data and some not in the same cell!  Any idea how to resolve this? I contemplated changing it to MM/dd/yyyy, and the results was dd/MM/yyyy for the problem data. However, for the data with no issues, all reverted to MM/dd/yyyy!
Aaron, Thank you for your reply. However, apparently I was not clear in what I am trying to do. Your solution does highlight the number in the Max or Min cell. What I would like to do (if possible) is highlight the answer in the data column where it appears. For example, if the Min is 324 I would like that number highlighted in the data table so it won't be hard to find.
What cells did you apply the conditional formatting to? If you didn't apply the formatting to the area you want to have highlighted, it won't highlight that area. Thanks, Aaron
Thanks, but this causes another problem - I don't want my calls to be answered automatically, I want to be able to choose whether to answer or not and when I choose to answer I want it to be audio only unless I manually decide to add audio on a call by call basis.
So that means I cannot switch to other programs to play such as, youtube or play games, is it right?  For now, I am using old version because last time I used the new one, I couldn't watch vdo on youtube and discuss in the same time.
Thanks. I have done that and the default zoom is now 300 as wanted, but there is a problem: I have also many macros inside "Tools - Christopherro - MacChristopherros", and most of them have gone doing that.  How to do it and keep all such macros? In other words, how to update "Normal.dotm", keeping all previous content and settings, but just changing zoom from 200 to 300 for my brand new iMacChristopher 5K 27-inch? I do not understand why Word does not allow to OVERWRITE previous "Normal.dotm", which would accomplish that. Thanks. 
Thank you for the reply.  I do have a comment and question.  My PPT is only one slide.  I want to use it while teaching and only play parts of the audio file.  Microsoft says the Android version will play an audio file.  I have embedded 5 objects to the same audio file just playing different portions of it.  There will be no continuous play or playing across slides.  The audio does stop playing at the chosen time but will not start at the time I have chosen.  It starts at the beginning.   Does the Android version support playing audio that was created on Windows 10 using the Trim feature?     Thanks again for your assistance....
Hello Blaine,   As of the moment, the feature that you're looking for is currently unavailable in PowerPoint for Android.  On the other hand, we consider this as a great idea. This is really beneficiary and can be an advantage in terms of doing presentations. We encourage you to submit your feedback and ideas on our PowerPoint user voice by clicking on this link so that our engineers will know about it.   Let us know if you have any other concerns that we can assist you with.
Dear Alexa,   Thanks for the prompt reply!  For years, using skype , there was not issue to be logged in on multiple devices at the same time ! I've been logged in on Mac & iOS on more then two devices for the last 5 years minimum... Now I have my messages automatically read on all devices - so it's a upgrade that Skype did recently?? It's actually doesn't happen to my colleagues that I asked and they are logged in on multiple devices...   If it's "By design" , then it's a very bad feature ! If it's a "bug" , let's define as such and patiently wait for resolution?  Thanks!
I am running Sierra 10.12.4. Just an FYI, I had executed everything that that you listed above other than having my "friend" check their connection mainly because it was present when I did a Echo Sound check. Understand I have a whole recording studio here so I narrowed it down to include I could run through the same sound system (recording rig) perfectly if I connected it to my other Macbook Air computer. I am using an older Focusrite Saffire 6 USB interface and the problem was when Sierra was installed earlier this week the default driver it use for the interface was the wrong one. I installed the correct version for my  Focusrite Saffire 6 USB interface and now everything is back to 100% with no issues. 
Thank you for suggesting that the problem might be with the printer ink cartridge.  I changed the color to blue and the document printed OK.  When I changed back to black no print.  I replaced the black cartridge but it still did not print. (The cartridge may have been old)  I put in another black cartridge and the document partially printed.  I went through the nozzle cleaning process twice.  Now everything is OK.  Thanks again, Charlie
One more question.  Would you happen to know if there is a way in Skype UWP to extend the period of inactivity after which the status changes from active/green to away/yellow?  Right now it appears to be about 5-10 minutes.
Does this mean we cannot send other files like documents or pdfs anymore?
I have a Samsung series 7 windows 8rt slab  my updates wont load. i have used the tool provided by Microsoft and it wont let that run either. So ive looked and looked for RT support and got nothing but a big run around. Why is there so little RT support and what am to do with this update issue?  Thank you for your support
how can I install IME Chinese handwriting pad on my window 8.1
Hi Brittany66,  Based on your description, you are encountering crash in PowerPoint 2016 for Mac when you are using the application. I would like to suggest you check the following:     1. Update your Office to the latest version: 15.37.0.     2. Check if you are in the same situation in this article: Office 2016 for Mac, macOS Sierra potential crash issues      Besides, to better understand your situation and help you, please provide the information below:     1. Does the issue occur to one specific presentation or all presentations, including newly created presentations?     2. Does the issue occur to other applications, such as Word or Excel?     3. Version of the operating system for your mac, such as OS Sierra 10.12.6.  Regards, YogaKristin
Hi Brittany66,  Do you still encounter the crash now?  Regards, YogaKristin
I did this steps , still have the same problem. I hear them, they do not hear me.  When I check sound there is only one option external microphone?
Does the same happen if you unselect the option "Start Skype when I start Windows" and start Skype manually after Windows has booted completely?
Hello RobertGabriel,   Kindly update us if the issue has been resolved.  Regards.
Hi RobertGabriel,   You can always get back to us at your most convenient time.  Thank you.   
Thanks for the explanation. How long is the period of inactivity after which the status to automatically change from active/green to away/yellow?  It seems to be 5-10 minutes.  Can that be changed to something longer, e.g. 30 minutes?
 Now what to do#joseph   
Hi JessicaTop,  We haven't heard from you for a few days, have you tried the steps above?  Thanks, RenaWendy
How do I get to the library folder?  This is very helpful.   Lakeya 
Someone can answer me?
Hello Cassandra!  Thank you for all the information.   I'd like to keep my history and call information intact so I am not sure which step I should be skipping to avoid deleting call information.   Is it this step?  "Then open ~/Library/Application Support * and drag the Skype folder to the trash. The ~ sign represents your home folder. To find your home folder, open Finder and, from the menu bar, select Go > Home."
Hello Cassandra!  Unfortunately this did not work. I did everything except step #3, to keep my chat history.  When I place the call, it goes through fine. The automated system asks me to input my access code. I try to copy paste it, manually enter from keyboard and even tried selecting it from the Skype's keypad but in all cases, it fails to register the correct access code.   While manually entering the 9 digit code, the automated system is asking me to enter it again. If I copy paste the code, the automated system is reading extra characters.   This is not related to just one conference software. I have tried things like GoToMeeting as well.   Anything else that could assist me?
In the Android app how can I tell if I'm online? 
I recall it was difficult to apply it to all slides (unless this has been changed), but now I can't find the option to update a single slide at a time. It used to be a right click on the notes page. Has the command moved?
Can you share your code?
As a result, since my surface is not working any more, I will have to throw away the licence. Is it the reality or can I convert it to any other windows licence which I already paid for? My point is that, I dont want to spend money on a new operating system. If I cannot use the current one as you said, I will prefer going for free OS such as linux, etc.  Regards, 
Thanks. That seemed to work, however I was forced to create a new password which brought up my contacts list. However, that same password would not sign me into this community board; the old one did. I am under the impression I now need only ONE password for all Microsoft sites. Am I incorrect in this opinion?The concept sounds remarkably easy. The execution is befuddled.
Hi Lori,   Please repair Office to see the result. If the issue remains, to narrow down the issue you have, please provide the information below:   Thanks, RenaYolanda
Hi Lori,  Do you still have the issue? If so, please provide the information above when you have time.  Thanks, RenaYolanda
But, on your website's comparison page for Windows Home vs Pro (here), Nowhere does it mention that Windows 10 Home does not have Presentation mode. Also, if Presentation mode is not available on Windows 10, then why does it have an entry in the Control Panel? And on clicking the entry why does it say that I am missing a file, instead of saying that the feature is unavailable in this version of Windows? 
Hello  I used 3 different internet connection and when i install skype on clean windows xp then everything was OK until re-launch Skype. After then i can call but i can`t receive call. I have the latest version IE for XP  (IE8) - after reset IE nothing new :( Maybe Skype is blocked for windows xp and IE8?? I have few windows 7 and windows 10 on LAN and on them everything is OK
Thanks, Ashley for this answer!  I guess I probably chose the wrong choice of words when I was Googling for how tos, that's why I can't seem to find anything relevant to what I'm trying to achieve in PP.  I was finally able to learn more about Triggers and ended up with much more interesting results with it.  I have a new question though (and likely the last);  Is there a way to make Mouse Overs serve as animation triggers? What I would like to do is to have an animated hand appear next to a line of text that I hover over. There'll be a list of texts (hyperlinks) and I thought it would be nice to have an animated cursor (animated pointing hand or an animated glowing arrow) appear to the left of each text I hover over.    UPDATE: I stumbled on this article: https://www.experts-exchange.com/articles/17806/Mouse-Over-Animation-In-PowerPoint.html  I think I might be able to pull off what I'm trying to do with this but what I want to know now is to how to create the "macro" (this is the very first time I've dabbled into such stuff) to achieve a "mouse off" trigger.  So far, the macro triggers the Appear animation on the hidden object as soon as I mouse over the trigger shape.  I would like to have it so that as soon as I move the cursor outside the trigger shape, the object will automatically be hidden again.
I found that site, and it has the earlier version of Word, but when you click on 'Download" it takes you to the Volume Licensing Service Center and I can't seem to locate the download for the earlier version there. Looking for version 15.37 since 15.38 won't let you select multiple section of text that are not connected. What am I missing?
Can you reconnect my mouse.
Hi Zack,   Does the crash issue occur in Safe Mode? Could you share with us the information I mentioned?  Thanks, Ricardo
I will play with that and see how it works.  I was trying to work with VLookup, but didn't know about keeping the first column unlinked. Bad aspect is this is really large, so the name column could potentially have 10,000+ entries...   Thanks,  Lisa  
That worked great! Main caveat really is the first column. By accident we had 2 names that were the same, but the values still matched up on both sheets. Thank you! Lisa        
Hi Julie,   I tried all your suggestions and still not working.  Another family member also wanted a skype number with call forwarding so I set this up for her on their account and it worked perfectly.  I did this by logging in from the same computer, using the same internet connection.    So I went back and logged in to my other family members account and bought a second number to see if that worked.  But still the same issue.  It just hangs up after 1 ring.  Could it be something to do with my nephews account.   He has the latest issue of Skype. He only has skype app on his phone.  Does he always need the skype logged in for it to work?  He is under 18?  Are there any restrictions perhaps on him having a skype number because of his age?   Can't really think of anything else.    Any help appreciated  Thanks, Chris  
Thanks Danida,  Tried all your suggestions without success. Skype search only finds results in my local directory (current contacts) and nothing else. Latest version 7.40.0.103.  web.skype.com search works fine as well as other computers returning potential contacts.   I'm thinking there is a problem with something in the registry or local file that is blocking search results beyond my existing contacts on my main computer.   Do you have a tool to completely wipe clean any traces of Skype from the one computer so I can do a clean fresh install? Jeff  
Did you ever get a response to this or find a solution? I am having the same issue. Thx
Dear Julie, I didn't receive you message, can you please resend it?
That's the problem, I haven't exported the contacts out of my old account yet, and now there is no interface to do so with Skype for Windows 10.  I would prefer to use the "new" account, but I need a way to export my contacts from the old account so I can then import them into the new account.    Is there a way to do this?
Hi, Thank you very much. WMP is running now but only playing sound. No video. Any ideas re that? 
Thank you!   Do you have any idea on when it will be out of the Insider version? I don't want to join the insider program, but I also don't want to wait forever to get this feature.   Thanks 
Hello DeborahLow, Thank you for reply to my post. That is very strange that it works on other websites or apps, but by any chance have you tried to use a different headset if it would work? Also, I’ll be sending you a private message to this matter. If you receive the private message, let us continue our conversation there.   Regards,
Hi Lisa,  Thanks for the reply!  I was able to do as you suggested and manually added the "mailto:" part to the address and it opened right up in Mac Mail.  Note that it defaults to opening up the edit hyperlink window with the "Web Page or File" tab selected, not the "Email Address" tab. I didn't realize that at first and simply added "mailto:" to the address field that reads "Link to an existing file or web page.". This worked though. When I click OK, test and then go back to the Edit window, the information updates and gets transferred to the correct "Email Address" tab. So that's good!  I did notice that it shows the "mailto:" code in the actual cell of the worksheet instead of being hidden code. When I go back in to check the edit hyperlink window it shows "Text to Display:" with the "mailto:" code, but the actual "Email address:" field shows the email address without the "mailto:" code. I can go back in manually and remove that mailto:" from the Text to Display field and it still works properly. This is how a brand new email being added looks like in the Edit Hyperlink window. There is no "mailto:" code in either field. So it must automatically add the proper code behind the scenes to function.  Another thing to note is that when I go into one of the messed up emails and it opens automatically to the Web Page or File tab - the text to display field shows "http://*** Email address is removed for privacy ***" (for example). So that is probably what is causing the problem. So, my next question then...  Is there a way to update multiple cells at one time? I have hundreds of email addresses that need to be updated and editing manually would be very time consuming/expensive.  Thanks, James
Hi Deborah,  Have you tried options mentioned in my last post? Can PowerPoint for Mac work well now?  Regards, TimDanielle
Hi Leah,  I'm sorry to say that your solution does not match our requirements.  We review the document accepting changes and comments as we go: We simply want to change the default option in the export options dialog.  Thanks Ken  
According to information from Skype Incident Team, the issue with auto-blocking contacts should have been fixed already yesterday (Server issue).   Users will need to manually unblock but it will not get auto blocked again. Have you tried to unblock this contact today?
Hi ,  Just now I have unblocked 4-5 contacts that was unblocked also yesterday . Is the problem really solved 100% ?
 Well, I am not talking about read "notifications" but, read indicators. Like, WhatsApp shows the message sender adouble blue tick when a messange is opened (and possibly read) by the receiver. Any feature like that in Skype?
Hi,   1. What exactly so you mean when you mention "Clean boot fails to run"? Please elaborate. 2. Did you test the issue in a new user accountas suggested earlier ?   Clean boot fails only when you have disabled any essential Microsoft service(S). You need to observe extreme caution when performing clean boot procedure.   Note: Do not forget to restart your computer as usual after performing clean boot.   PS: Your thread is better suited in Performance category, hence this would be moved (Again) to Performance and maintenance Rhonda Nadeem - Microsoft Support
Hi Jee,   Thank you for the reply.   What I need to find out is, that the contact remains in the history which was more than 30 days ago, and whether the last date indicates the date the contact was blocked or the date of the last conversations? Does Skype keep the dates when the contact was blocked?  Regards, Kaia
would you please help me to download bibles in my computer?
Thank you. How do I then clear cache and data on my android?
I'm trying to initiate a group call. Mac version seems to allow you to create a "list" which I will use on a weekly basis to initiate a call to that list. But I can't find anyway to simply contact that list in a group call. It seems like I need to go go File, click on "new conversation", then add all individuals one by one to this new conversation. Very cumbersome. Anyone know how to simply contact everyone in a "list" simultaneously? 2nd question -- can someone who I didn't call initially still call into me and be added to our group conversation in process? Do I have to find some kind of "share screen" button to add them, or are they automatically added to the ongoing call if they call me, and I accept? Thanks so much!!! Dre"
Do u know approximately when the update will b available.   Is there anyway i can roll back the previous version so i can text sms while i wait for the update
 Another most important feature that the new versione of Microskype ... has eliminated. Among sms to non skype names. Disaster But, by the way, dp you care about privacy?  All your total unnecessary staff of version 8.x goes in the other direction
So to be clear, this means that the only way to make such a call is to allow Microsoft to upload all our private contact details to Microsoft servers?  What exactly is the rationale for not allowing calls from our local contact list, and only from contacts that have been uploaded to Microsoft servers?
Hi Cassandra  All notifications are on and as to Battery optimizers or apps that disable Skype,  I've checked them all and Skype is not included even in App Notification blockers.  Yesterday, I tried uninstalling Skype then restarted the phone then re-installed Skype. At first, I went to Skype settings then to Notification Settings. I tapped "Test Push Notifications" and I got an error message that the device is not able to receive push notifications at the moment.  But today its says that its successful but unfortunately, the notifications are not notifying me of any new messages...  Hope you can help me so that I can resume with communicating with my friends in real time....  Thank you...
Hi,  I am using Surface tablet 8.1 windows and have tried many times to install the app. But it comes up - This app can't run on this pc please use the store app. But Skype does not appear on here.    
This did not fix the issue. Calls still ring once and immediately drop/fail both if I try to call or if a contact tries to call me. Txt messages still say they are sent but neither party receives the others text. We have attempted to place these call on several different devices each. Any other ideas on what the problem could be?  Thanks
Thank you Susan for your reply!  Huh, I must admit, it was not very intuitive. It also means that I have to hold the "record" button (how would I know that it is at all a video record button?!)  Don't you think that it is quite awkward to be compelled to hold the button during the recording? How am I supposed to record a video message if I want to put the phone on something to be able to record myself in full height? Say, to show avnew outfit or something else?  I've just tried to follow your instructions and also discovered that the length of the video is very short now. From three minutes it's been dropped to something about 30 seconds.  Thus, I wonder, why the update degrades the features in the app? From now on you have to hold the button instead of just tapping it and the length of the video is decreased by factor six.  Shouldn't the app update improve the features instead?  And I don't even mention the absence of ability to set the status in the profile in the latest version.
I also have this problem, and have always had it, on all phones, and on all versions of skype I used in the past, including the latest. I don't understand why facebook messenger, hangouts etc, can all send me notifications, but skype will not do it sometimes. Any suggestions?
Thanks for the reply Andrew! But, I have two more final questions for you.  1. When I change my availability options on Android, will PC Skype see it? I told a friend to check to test but it stays as available.  2. Will this Skype redesign be coming to PC also? Or is it just for mobile users?  Thanks!
Hi, thanks for the answer. I did exactly what u said above, but its didnt help me any thing. i even reinstalled my os, but still this problem exists. is this bug in software fir mac?
Hi Brandon,   As you mentioned you had some adware then uninstall some Google Extension, just want to confirm how did you do that? I find a similar thread caused by using security software. If this is your scenario, please refer to this thread. If the issue remains, please hold “ctrl” then run Excel in safe mode to see the result. Please also tell us the Office version. You can go to File>Account>Product Information to check it. For example: 1708(8431.2031)   Thanks, RenaSierra
Thank you for your reply.   If the above requirements are met, can you tell me as well if you have already tried to uninstall and re install Skype?   Let me know if my last troubleshooting step will work. Also, you can download Skype again using this link: CLICK HERE   Regards,
Hi Mary,  Thank you for posting in Microsoft Community Forum.  Please be assured that we would do our best to assist you.  Please answer the following questions so that we can help you. Reference: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/risks-resetting-password#1TC=windows-7  Please do get back to us with the information required, we’ll be glad to assist you.
i have a reset disk  but it wont update a new password 
how do i get to start 
no i cannot get pass my admin password. i have a reset new password on usb but it shoots me a message stating error occurred while updating password and that is all it does? how do i fix that? 
I can not drag to trash when i do it returns.
Thanks for the reply. I'm already using the latest version of Skype for Windows 10 (11.19.856.0) but Quote is not working for me. Any other tests I can try?
Hi Tiffany!  Thank you so much for your response. A few hours after my post, my IT department finally found the problem.  It was an old brand template Add-in that was still installed on my computer, and causing the problem. So by removing this Add-in the problem was solved in an instant!  Again thank you for your effort, br AnnaPamela 
Karen's reply sounds like a good idea but I am worried I will lose all my contacts if I un/reinstall?? I tried your second point about the + button. Share screen appears in shaded out way - is that what it should be? Can't click on it Thanks for help so far Judy
 Could you please tell me exactly how "to manually open or launch it from your computer." Thanks in advance for helping me! I am NOT computer savvy... Roger
 and if it's the skype initiator, how do they modify?
I have tried the above. I went even further. I removed all apple related software from my system. Removed all itunes from my system. Removed all apple, Quicktime, Itunes from my reg. I have checked my harddrive. chkdsk. I did not have this problem untill 4 or so days ago. I had itunes 9.? When I try to open itunes my play list, library, basically just part of itunes with my music. Then the system goes right to searching for solutions. It states that I will be notified when a fix is available.  Is there something that apple did that may effect my itunes???? It sure points to that. I am very good at making sure my system is cleaned daily and I am aware of what comes and goes regarding my system. It seems to me that apple has done some tweaking with the release of itunes 10 which has screwed around with itunes. The only thing left to do is a total install of windows, which for itune? Im not about to do that. I build my own systems and if there is no fix then I will find another music vender. If anyone has any other ideas then please tell me...Thx    
https://1drv.ms/t/s!AlBduUhPx2SdhyJsPtmw14X7hmT1 
Hi Jennifer, turns out a large plastic paper clip had dropped into the paper feed and well jammed in there. Doh! Wrenched it out and fortunately the incident hadn't traumatized the printer into a terminal state. Printing, however, is a little sketchy at the moment so I'm just trying to resolve that with a few 'nozzle checks', 'head cleaning' etc., or with any additional advice you might have regarding that latest issue? Many thanks for your response and your help. Kind regards, JonPrestonathan.
Appreciate youre sorry, problem is i spent 9 hours troubleshooting!!! Uninstalling and Reinstalling. Why is it your people at microsodt are unaware of the issue and so i used valuable data??  When is this fix likeky to occur?? I have uni assignments that require attention.....
So when is the next update scheduled?
I'm having the same problem. When is the update that fixes this issue going to be released?
Do you get the error only while opening PowerPoint or even with other Office applications?   You may try to repair Office to check if it helps:  http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/outlook-help/repair-or-remove-office-2010-HA010357402.aspx?CTT=1   If the repair fails, remove Office by running the 'fix it' from the below article and reinstall the program, check the result: www.support.microsoft.com/kb/290301 (Note: Ensure to have the disc and the product key handy before removing the program)
Hello Justin,  Welcome to Skype Community Forum.  Have you tried to clear cache or reinstall the Skype application again from your iPad? And let me clarify also, have you also tried to sign in to www.skype.com?  Also, let me send you a private message about this concern.  We look forward to your response.  Regards,
 I'm not the sys admin, so I'm not sure of the distribution method that they use. I've reported this issue to them so they can prepare for a roll-back if that is deemed necessary (and possible). That's where I'll leave it.  I will test tomorrow's insider fast build. Hopefully it will be resolved there.   Am I correct that there is generally one production release per month?  Thanks,  -Brett  
I NEED TO RE ACTIVATE MY MICROSOFT WORD ACCOUNT PLEASE I NEED THE TOLL FREE PHONE NUMBER PLEASE
Hi Brenda  This advice have been done several times before IOS update (mentioned above) and also after update. As mentioned in my first post "I told her to uninstall Skype, update IOS to the latest version 10.3.3 and then install Skype from scratch."  So even with your tip, it still stalls and needs phone reboot at leaste once a day! 
Any more tips regarding this, or have this been escalated to debuggers?  Skype on this iphone is still buggy and hangs, yesterday it was twice on the same evening. Bot time a full reboot had to be done! :(
Hi Dave,   Are you having an error message when you’re trying to sign in using the first account? Are you using Skype for Desktop or Skype for Windows 10 (UWP)? You may try to recover your Skype account with the password recovery using this link below.   https://account.live.com/ResetPassword.aspx.   If the email address is no longer valid or no longer accessible, then you will need to through the Automated Customer Service Recovery. Since Skype is now part of the product services of Microsoft, recovering Skype accounts need to go through Microsoft recovery process. Once you’re done with the form, you will get an update from Microsoft regarding the recovery of the account.   Also, make sure that you check on the privacy settings on the Skype application and the person you’re trying to add using the newly created account.   I look forward to your reply.   Thanks.
Hi Thanks for your reply.  Have tried what you advise but still getting nowhere, in fact they ask me to create another email address so they can contact me?  Have had on one email address since 2002 ish and Skype was registered in the same address both times?.  Will go through it again just in case I'm missing something/.  I thank you for your advice and help.  Regards  Dave
Hi No error messages apparent. Privacy setting ok, can see no reason why it won't work?. Sorry believe you asked me for email address? I erased your reply in error. Its s******************, this I've used for both the accounts on Skype.  Thanks  Dave  Moderator’s note: Please do not post any personal information on the Microsoft Community as this is a public forum that can be viewed by anyone. Thanks! 
Hi,   Do you remember making any changes to the computer prior to the issue?   You may try performing the steps mentioned in the link below and check if it helps.   Method 1: Error code 0x8100002F and or error code 0x80070002 when you back up files in Windows 7: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/979281   Method 2: Clean Boot Follow the steps in the link below to set the computer to ‘Clean boot’ state. http://support.microsoft.com/kb/929135 Note: When the troubleshooting is over, do not forget to reset the computer to normal startup. Follow step 7 in the above-mentioned article.   Method 3: Disable the security software temporarily You may also temporarily disable security software’s and check if the issue persists. Make sure to enable those security software's on the computer after checking. http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows7/Turn-Windows-Firewall-on-or-off http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows7/Disable-antivirus-software If disabling the security software resolves the issue then, please contact the specific security software manufacturer to resolve the issue. Important Note: Antivirus software can help protect your computer against viruses and other security threats. In most cases, you should not disable your antivirus software. If you have to temporarily disable it to install other software, you should re-enable it as soon as you are done. If you are connected to the Internet or a network while your antivirus software is disabled, your computer is vulnerable to attacks.
Hi,   1)    Have you updated the USB drivers for the PC since you states that the external HD disconnect and reconnects? 2)    What is the make and model of the computer? 3)    What is the make and model of external HD? 4)    Have you checked the permissions on the external HD?   Reference:- http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows7/What-are-permissions
Hi,   If the laptop is not already plugged in when trying to back up the PC, try plugging in the laptop. Have you tried different USB ports on their laptop as well? If all of the USB 3.0 ports encounter the same problem, I would suggest you to try using a USB 2.0 port on the laptop (if your laptop has a USB 2.0 port as well) to see if that encounters the same problem. Also try using both of the Microsoft Fix it below while the external hard drive is plugged in. Diagnose and fix Windows USB problems automatically Hardware devices are not working or are not detected in Windows  
How exactly is this resolved? The speed of the USB port connection should have no bearing on recognizing connected media. Why Microsoft STILL make's backups a pain is beyond me, this should have been figured out back in 3.1 days.   Why can I restore from the backup but the backup service can't recognize the drive? Why can I right-click on the file and get an option to restore, but not an option to "append files to" the existing backup? I've seen MANY posts on this forum and elsewhere regarding this issue, and Microsoft seems rather unresponsive to why the entire module is so buggy and user-hostile? Tired of workarounds - FIX THE ISSUE. Thank you
I have JavaScript turned on in prefs, plus updated to latest version. Still gives me the "cookies must be allowed". Any other ideas?
I've been looking for a Win 7 .iso image for so long! Would you happen to know where I can get a Vista or XP .iso image to use for repairs and reloads? Thanks so much!
Hello Carl J.Hickernell,  Thank you for your prompt reply!  I am sorry to know about that. Allow me to resend it to you again.   For you to see the Private message, please follow the steps below:  1. Sign in your account here at answers.microsoft.com. 2. On the top right part click on your name. 3. Click My Profile. 4. You will see your Answers account, on the left side you will see the View Private Message, just click that and you will see my message there.  I'll be sending another private message, let me know once you got it.
I will do that tomorrow when I turn on the PC but isn't the classic version the one Skype just discontinued support for. I just uninstalled Skype 3.6 (I think that was the version or 3.9) because they said that was an older version that they didn't support any longer. When I first started using this new version the ringing on my PC when I placed a video call was not working and I played around with the settings and finally got it so I could click on the screen on the picture of the person while the call was connecting and the ringing would start and the video camera came on but I found a couple of days ago it was not ringing although when I do the Echo test it works and so I guess it is configured correctly. 
thanks for your reply, i have unstalled my skype and reinstalled, however the credit on my account is gone. how do i recover that, i used my gmail account(Johnau) to login and it is not there anymore somehow. regards Joy
can anyone here please let me know how to recover my lost skype credit? regards joy
What phone are your using? If it's running Windows Phone 8.1, the Skype app is no longer supported on it. However, you may be able to upgrade your phone to Windows 10 Mobile and get access to the new SKype app for Windows 10. More info on this support page.
I have installed 100+ Surface 2 tablets with a app running in "lockdown" mode using assigned access with a password free account and also a selected app. The tablets are running an app that is to operate building automation systems in a system where you can control lights, temperature, sunblind’s etc. from the Surface 2. The Surface 2 has power connected all the time (there might be small interrupts). The VERY BIG PROBLEM is that some of the Surface 2 tablets goes into connected standby even though they all are configured with screen and system sleep set to NEVER. We have used months trying to figure out what is wrong and tried many different thing. The problem is very costly since the need to travel 300 km to access the site where they are installed and the customer’s patience is not that good anymore. We actuall have to go there to get them out of standby. We have different types of standby problems, sometime that can be awakened by just touching the screen, sometimes we have to press the Windows logo 5 times and sometimes we have to hold the power button. When back from standby we either see the app directly or we see the rainbow screen that we need to “slide” away. It does not happen on all tables and the interval seems rater random. Does anyone know what can be the reason and even better the solution for this problem?
My son is a Senior Software Developer & wrote a game for me.  There is NO chance that it was corrupted when he compressed it.  I don't know what you mean by "disposable WinXP machine".  Do you mean to buy a computer just for the purpose of opening this file?  I can't afford that & would probably get the same error message anyway.  Please give me another solution.  Thank-you
Thanks for that all notifications are turned on and I'm always logged in to skype so would there be anything else I could check and I tick the box to get a notification but I dont get one when you reply have to search up my question all the time
What does the error message say?  Once you log in, do you log out?
If it is working as it should, then there doesn't appear to be any reason to uninstall and reinstall Office 2007.   But it is unclear why you say the repair of Office 2007 did not work to your satisfaction since you say everything is working as it should.   Obviously uninstalling Office 2007 and reinstalling it should give you a fresh start, but if it is working I am not sure why you would want to do that.  So bottom line - it is your choic.e
How do I enable cookies in my outlook account
Oh. So this is not a personal address book :(   Is there any way to hide the numbers I don't want to see? Having to select the right number per contact can be cumbersome.   Thanks for your reply.   Thanks.
Thank you. I've left feedback. I prefer to have a personal address book that I can edit or delete anytime.  Doesn't this also raise a privacy issue? If someone hacks a Skype account, they get all the contact info from all the users connected to the hacked Skype account instead of only the contact information the account owner would have added themselves otherwise. Seems like there would be less chance of full exposure of other user's account information. Just a thought. 
Hi Charles,  We noticed the post has been inactive for 48 hours now. We'd like to make sure if you still need assistance regarding this issue.  If the previous recommendation resolved your issue, we encourage you to inform the Community by marking the post as an answer or by clicking on Helpful.  Get back to us if you need further help.
Where do I find tools?  
Where and how do get to edit formulating rule menu?
David, I left out an important part of the question. Your formula worked perfect. I forgot that G23 is not a set value. G23 is a formula also G23 formula is  G23=IF(G19="Asphalt Stabilized Base","84-98",IF(G19="C_Coarse_Surface","95-100",IF(G19="D_Fine_Surface","0")))  The problem I am have my new formula for Q23 does not know what range to use out of G23?    
Can you walk me through getting to the edit formatting rule menu?   
The PPT animation reorder list is not showing up in my panel to the right.   Any idea where it is?
it's showing there different accounts for some reasons it shows  3 accounts. how can i merge or get rid of 2 of them. I am positive they were duplicated when I tried logging in with the original email on the second device
Exactly what "series of numbers" appears in the dialog boxes?  Is it always the same or does it vary?  Erika
Just noticed you'd responded to this.  What that typically means is that the "6"key on your keyboard appears to the system as pressed, possibly either stuck in the down position or somehow shorted by something that dropped into the area below the keys.  Most often today this will be due to a liquid spill of something containing sugar or syrup, since this contains enough electrical conductivity to make the key appear to be pressed or otherwise simply cause the key to stick in a pressed position as it slowly dries.  Both the laptop I'm writing this on and the previous one had this happen at least once with lemonade, which eventually caused the sticky keys problem I described above.  The older model was so bad I ordered a replacement from Dell and replaced it myself, fortunately at a cost of only $29 plus shipping.  On this more expensive backlit laptop, I had the time to disassemble and remove the keyboard first, then used clean running water for several minutes to thoroughly flush out the spilled liquid, dry it completely using first a towel and then leaving it overnight to air dry.  One key does still occasionally stick slightly in humid weather, making an audible squishing sound, but not enough to truly cause more than minor annoyance.  It's possible the problem is just something metal under the keys,  but most laptops today don't allow for this, so that's why I'd suspect a liquid spill as most likely.  Erika
Hi,  Thank you for contacting Microsoft Community.  I appreciate your time and effort.  I hope it helps. Please let us know the results. Feel free to write us back for any further assistance with Windows, we’ll be glad to assist you. Does it happen on a specific moment, eg. returning from sleep or all of the time? What happens if you try to use the onscreen keyboard? Does it also happen with other apps? What is the version of Skype app?   I would suggest you to upgrade to the latest Skype version and check. http://www.skype.com/en/
I browsed through the help and didn't find a way to change the reminder presets. Further more, my laptop has windows 10 and the issue is still there with the new version. Is it only so few of us that required some flexibility with the reminders, or as I suspect this app is so rigid that people just don't use it?  Please advise  Vimr
How do you remove paragraph marks (added unintentionally to doc)
Hello,  I checked and have taken a screenshot for you.  It's still not working; it should say 2 instead of 64.  It's the exact same equation i used for the other months except the last number changed per month.  
my version is 17.6868.41141.0  I am unable to find the contacts button; however, if I compose a new e-mail my contacts populate the field. So, they are somewhere, just not able to see where.  What do I do if I want to add a new one. In the old version I had something at the bottom of the email list called "CONTACTS". when YOU CLICK ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF THIS VERSION YOU GET A LIST OF THINGS TO CHOOSE FROM, BUT NO CONTACTS. Sorry for the caps.
I may have celebrated too soon.  The charts in the new page still refer BACK to the data in the old page.  This is not right, and not what happens in earlier versions of Excel and/or the OS.   Any other ideas??
I removed the 00:00:00, thank you.  I just had another thought after looking at the data; is there a way to create an average of the frequency within each range? I am not sure if what I am writing conveys my thought correctly, but I think I would like to look at how many instances/frequency/counts occurs within say, each 2 minute period up to 00:40:00.  Thanks,  Marie
Hi Deanna,   To use PowerPoint templates in Powerpoint 2011 for Mac in PowerPoint 2016 for Mac, have you checked my reply? Could you share with us any updates?  Thanks, TinaEllen 
Troubleshooter did not fix the problem. I don't know what volume icon you are referring to in the second suggestion.
Un able to find my book file ?  Don't see it anywhere how do I look it up c-davis_65962_dev-1_clean.docx
I restored my computer and lost Microsoft Word. How can I retrieve it with out a product key # ?
We have recently renewed Office 365 online with microsoft and has received the payment receipt. We want to get reimbursement from our office for the charges paid. But Microsoft is not registered in our ERP hence we need to send an excel file i.e. vendor registration file to Microsoft to fill the details with GST tax info & send it back to us for registration. After registration we will be able to get the reimbursement. Please help us in this. Our email Id is *** Email address is removed for privacy *** or *** Email address is removed for privacy ***
I can't find my series number for cyberlink  power media player please do so send it to my email ( *** Email address is removed for privacy *** ) please ! sincerely winer destin tank you !
Is there a way to use a slightly older version of Word then?  Also, could you please link those postings? I can't seem to find them. Thanks!
Thank you for your response  I think where I am getting tripped up is the second condition is a "between" so that if the pounds are between 1711 and 3330 then the amount charged per cwt is $6.  How would I account for the two conditions in the second nested IF statement? 
Hi,  We noticed the post has been inactive for 48 hours now. We'd like to make sure if you still need assistance regarding this issue.  If the previous recommendation resolved your issue, we encourage you to inform the Community by marking the post as an answer or by clicking on Helpful.  Let us know if you need further assistance.
Hello,   Thank you for your reply(Matthew Rajput). Your reply was really helpful. But I have a new problem: After following the steps my pc started to recognize the hard disk. But due to some reason I am not able to open it. Means I am not able to harness the files inside the disk. So can you tell me the possible reasons for it. And in 'Device and Printers' on the computer icon there's a yellow triangle with '?' mark and after troubleshooting for problem it states that 'Driver for unknown devices is not installed' so pls can you help me by giving some solutions, And how to rectify it.........
Hi Deanna. I had the exact same issue 3 days ago. I tried with some tech-savvy guys from a repair shop of a friend of mine to fix it but as they didn't know much about it, I ended up re-installing everything. Being a 3D artist it takes more than 30 hours to get all my softs up and running.... And yesterday when I was nearly done bam! the same again. Windows comes up to the user login Window and freezes. And when I check, restarting with F8 : all my 5 hard drive letters changed and C ain't C anymore. Windows can't start... I'm gonna try what you did here as it sounds like the cleverest approach so far.  My only main pb remains : what is causing the issue? My feeling being : a windows update.  I have Windows 10 pro 64. But I've seen similar issues on forums with windows 7 and 8...
There is no quicken program listed. I did a search, and nothing was found
I keep getting a similar notice from 'Windows Security' , that the server reports 'Someone is trying to steal your banking details'  and 'please call Microsoft immediately to prevent data loss'.  I ran the troubleshooter, which said that store cache may be damaged, not fixed.
Thanks for your answer.From your answer,how can look for running instances of PPT to attach to it ? now i program in c++,when i tried to use GetActiveObject("Powerpoint.Application") for getting the running instances , i got another error.
Hi Jeremy,  The changes in sizing format will actually depend on how the other users edit the spreadsheet. You mentioned that the presentation is being updated and edited by 7 users. Does this issue happens on all the embedded spreadsheet in PowerPoint? We would also appreciate if you can provide us a screenshot of the issue so we can have a better view of your concern.
Hi Timothy,  Thanks for the reply!  I am able to change individual shape, but when I add a new line, it goes back to the original. How can I change this?  Thanks, Surbhi
Hi Jacob,  Thanks for your reply.  I've got the contacts in People now but still no sign of them in Mail (after 24 hours or so).  The only contacts I can use are from emails I've received - I must have missed something in the setup stage.  Any thoughts?  Also, we have two separate email accounts - do they share the same contacts or can we set up individual lists for each account?  Thanks   
 thanks for the tips...while very helpful to know, i was looking for a conditional formatting solution so if linked formulas to other sheets are entered in a sheet they would turn color automatically while normal formulas dependent on cells within that sheet would not.  thanks   
Hi Melissa20,  Did you try the above method to insert the slide number? Please update us when you have time.  Regards, NehaElizabeth
I'm following the instructions (and I've done this many times before), but in this one particular presentation, the slide numbers have disappeared and can't be replaced. when I click apply to all, nothing happens, when I reopen the slide number dialogue box, it is unchecked, just as if I never applied it at all.  This started when I tried to have the page numbers start at 129, rather than the usual one. Now I can't get them to return even if they start at one.  PowerPoint for Mac v 15.25 (160817)  Thanks for your help, Curt 
Hi George,  Do you have any updates?  Thanks, RenaAlex
No image!
@Jonathan -Would your title layout show white text in Grayscale though as the OP said?
Hi Eric316,  Do you still have any question about the color for textbox in Slide Master and Title Master?  @JohnMolly,  What I have delivered above is an example, I would like to suggest MoosemanEric316 check if he has deployed a theme for the Slide Master.  Thanks, YogaJonathan
Daniel ....  Thank you ... I like that explanation - it helps me understand what's going on.   One of the aspects of linking and embedding that tripped me up is copying a graph from Excel (using Ctrl+C) and pasting into Word using Ctrl+V. If I right click on the object, I do not see the "Update" command when I right-click on the graph in Word. Neither do I see the full path when I do an Alt+F9. Otherwise, though, it will update when I choose the "Edit Data" command on the right-click menu.  But, if I paste it through the Paste Special dialog box, choosing "Paste link" and Microsoft Excel Chart Object, I do see the "Update" command on the right-click menu and I can see the path if I do an "Alt F9."  Any idea what I'm doing incorrectly or misunderstanding?  (The purpose of being able to see the path is that, later on, when I want to use another workbook with the same graphics, all I need to do is an Alt+F9 and Search and Replace. Then I can do an "Update" and all graphics are updated.)  Thanks again.  Rich  
Daniel ... Below are screenshots ... Both screenshots are the same dialog box, but show the different paste methods highlighted. I'm not sure why the results are different when it appears that I'm linking 2 different ways. Thank you.    
I want to select only sub:2 marks.  Please suggest me a technique, without using mouse 
Of course I can select the data in one row with what you suggested. And it is not possible to select the data in entire column 
Yah, I know the selection with mouse. But I am trying to select the vertical selection, without using mouse.....  If any possible opptions are there, please suggest me. Thank you for your response Sir...... 
 I found a solution.  follow this link: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/291879 
if u have power point but it' s not working what should I do 
 That is fine but what about Windows 10 computers?  My service desk here at work assures me that they have installed all the latest drivers. It still doesn't work.  My program, CATIA, runs for about 2 minutes and cuts out. It says it's entering Power Save mode.  It takes a hard reboot to use the computer again.
Chase can you tell us which patch caused the issue?  I have users that just started experiencing this today.  It's not an issue, just a nuisance, but I would like to head it off at the pass before the rest of the users start to see it.  Thanks!
 Thank you for your replay, I am working on corporate manual and I am using toggle filed code to insert the required documents into the manual since the manual has page cover and sections how can I do that. let us say the first document ends with heading number 4 the second document should start numbering the heading from the beginning, How can I do that , could you please specify. Thank you for being so supportive .
 would you please kindly tell how can macro with code.
 Wow It works many thanks to you. do you how can I  Deactivate ActiveDocument.ConvertNumbersToText.
Thank you again for explaining it clearly. You pointed out right I think my document has hidden bookmarks, but, nevertheless I now have a fair idea what is happening.  Just one more thing, if I myself write a bookmark in bracket like [insert Table (bookmark)], is this one of the reasons to cause this problem.    
What is listed in this location?   C:UsersusernamexxxxAppDataRoamingMicrosoftWindowsRecent   Are there any listing in Start Menu/ Recent Items?   Is the Shortcut to Word Pinned to the Start Menu?  Do you see the recent docs if you hover over any Pinned shortcut with the Mouse Cursor?         Have you checked the Word Settings via File/ Options/  Advanced, and see what you have set for "Display" that refers to recent documents?   If you click on the above mentioned File menu item in Word do you get a list of recent documents?   If you right-click on the Start Orb (button), and select Properties,  what options are ticked in the "Privacy" section?  
 You are right, that solved exactly my problem  And with your solution it resolved.  Also I realised that adding the date and time stamp would be helpful for creating separate file on each run of macro to avoid duplicates.  When I entered & " (" & Format(Now, "yyyy-mm-dd hhmm") & ").txt"  The mac version showed compilation error. And highlighted "Format".  Can we solve this anyhow?  Thanks in Advance Sheila for this additional query. I am helpless is above date and time stamp is working in windows but throwing error in Mac. And you seems to have quite understanding of VBA working in Mac
I have not purchased the new word yet but my colleague has and needs assistance. Now that the new word 2016 does not have publisher view -  can the print layout page allow for 1- kerning of letters (publisher used to allow you to click the number up or down until you liked how it looks).  2- shifting text boxes by measurements smaller than 1/8''( publisher allowed for smaller variables than 1/8")  I think if I can fix these two problems, she may be okay. If not, what is the most novice option other than downgrading to 2011?  If she downgrades, can she return 2016 and get her money back?
Hi Manuel,  Please let us know your updates at your convenience if you need further help.  Thanks, CliffLauren
But there is a problem!!!     
Is it possoble to add an fullstop after the end of product?
I do not own the domain, it was not registered. When I signed up for Outlook Premium, I chose a domain that Microsoft provided for the email address. (*** Email address is removed for privacy ***) I would like to use the domain name (***.makerproshop.com) for a website.  Can I still register makerproshop.com with registrar? Can I register it via Microsoft? Can I use for a website at all?  Thanks a bunch, I appreciate that you are able to help :)  Crystal
  Hi Rachael:  I did try this in three other browsers—IE, Firefox, Opera—and the deck launches both in video and in audio. In Chrome, it launches video only—audio does not launch. It is almost certainly a setting in Chrome that is preventing the launching of the audio portion. Do you (or anyone else) happen to know the setting I would need to change to launch audio automatically in Chrome?  Thanks for the suggestion. 
THIS is ridiculous... when is this going to be fixed? the whole reason windows 8 and phone was appealing is have people hub integration over all platforms including facebook.  
That would have been great advice before my laptop died. :(  I should have specified that, I guess. Does anyone have any advice for after one's hard drive is dead, and is already in the process of being replaced?
Yes, the hard drive is dead. Black-screen-of-death dead. "Disk read error" message dead.  I bought Word (not the whole Office package) from a retail store so it did come in a box, but four years later, I can't find that.  However -- good news -- I did find the product key info written down somewhere else. So now I have the product key but do not have the CD. Is there a way to re-activate the product with a key but no CD?
Hi Jenna,  Could you share any updates with us?  Regards, JamesDouglas
 When I go too file there isn't an Options.  There are only the following my initials, new, recent, shared, open.  I am an academic.  Is there a different version for academics?
Yes i am using the online version. Do i have a choice as an academic?
It turns out that I was not completely up to date despite having chosen the option to automatically download and update. I have now requested an update which has been carried out. So I could now answer Yes to the 4 questions which were asked.  I'm not sure where to find this OneDrive app to which Warrenliu refers. When I click on the OneDrive "app" in Start all I get is file explorer with OneDrive selected. If I then look at Properties/Sharing there is no mention of Office but it does say OneDrive not shared  Should there be a "proper" OneDrive app somewhere in the Start apps list?
So it doesn't let me create a duplicate "Figure" caption label.  I would have to create like a "Figure2" caption label.  However it will then insert "Figure2" as text in my document.  To fix I can "Exclude label from caption" and manually add "Figure" text in front of the numbering for each caption in the document (or just delete the 2 from the document, it seems to let me do that).  Not quite as automated as I'd like, but it seems to be a workaround.  I think this would be a great feature-add for new versions of Word.  Rather than make me choose which heading level I want, let it auto-sense what heading level is just above the figure and use that one.  Thanks.  
Hi and thanks for this.  I think it will work for me.  Question though:  how can I change the password for the Administrator?  Thanks again...
Hi David,  Do you have any updates?  Regards, YogaRachel
Thanks Jeremy,  One more question is there any supported documents from Microsoft stating second sale purchase of hardware with OEM.  Shashi 
THAT, was very nice of you to reply so quickly.  It sounds as if (based on my reading of your post) that I have everything enabled correctly. (A good thing.)  By the way ... It's not JUST the mail app tile that I am unable to find documentation for. I'm having the same issue with the MSN News, and Store apps as well. Plenty of "how to use" documentation available but little or no mention of the tiles.  Here's why I ask.  I recently reinstalled Windows 10 home. And everything, as far as I know, is running perfectly.  I did notice however, that the live mail tile "seems" to behave a bit differently than I remember it (Before the reinstall.)  IE: Used to be (methinks). If I had 10 unanswered emails, the number "10" would appear on the tile. If an additional email arrived, 10, would turn to 11. And it would stay at "11", until I opened mail and clicked on one of the 11 never opened emails. If I clicked on one(of the emails to read it) and then ended mail, the live tile would now say "10". I always thought that the number on the tile represented the number of "unread" emails in the "In" box. But due to the lack of documentation on the tile, I could have simply made that up.  Now (after my reinstall of Windows 10), it seems to behave differently.  As a test, I sent myself a couple of emails from my phone. The number on the Mail tile changed to "2". (Good, so far.) If however, I left it that way for a period of time, the number "2" will disappear and be replaced by no number at all. But if I open the mail app, there are indeed 2 unread emails (from my phone).  So, before crying "wolf" (or worrying that my reinstall of WIndows 10 went bad in some way), I thought I would try to locate and read how the mail live tile is SUPPOSED to behave.  Maybe, it is behaving correctly and either my memory is faulty (Wouldn't be the first time) or now that Windows has been reloaded and updated, I find the Win10 mail tile (by design) simply works differently. And that OKay with me. I just would like to know how it is SUPPOSED to work.  Hence my looking for documentation.  Did I write that correctly ? ..... Yes. Yes, I think I did.  Thanks once again for your time, response to my question about finding documentation.  I'll continue my search and if I ever find any, I'll do my best to update this post.  Ray in Wisconsin  :)         
Hey there, Ray I'm starting it now :) Regards,
Thanks Cody. I used LEN not to get the date, but only to check if there is something in the cell A1.  If there is a date value entered into A1, then it should populate what's in A1 into B1; otherwise, it should populate nothing "".  Will the Date() function you suggest to replace LEN work in this way?
Here is an example of my problem.    Since the date is before today's date, it errors out based on the data validation (which requires it to be later than today's date).  However, it still displays this invalid date in B2.  I would like to prevent this from happening.  I am not seeing an option to attach an example file per your request, so included this snipit. Thanks again for your help. 
Hi Meg,   Do you still encounter the error? Can you use Word properly now?   Thanks, Jessica
I had to re-install my Word 2016 program (stand-alone, not part of Office or Office 360, running in Windows 10) because it broke. Now, when I used to run my spell-check, it would finish with a little chime sound. It doesn't now, and I haven't done anything to the program except bring across 2 Styles (and my speakers are on, volume 25%). I miss the chime. How can I get it back?
Dear Paul,  When i went to work with the Macro functioning properly in my MS Word 2016 document, i noted that Words with Capital letters became small letters -- so loss of Proper Names - John becomes john.  I need to have the words as it in the original text.  Can you please include this feature and post the modified Macro.  Thanks for your Help.  Regards,   Misty
By the way, what does the "LJoshuaN" in the formula represent?
I have some documents with a huge number of styles that are not in use, and that I'd like to remove. I know I can delete them one at a time. Is there a way to delete a large number of styles not in use from a document? I'd like to leave it so that it only has styles in use within document. I have found that the document map tends to work poorly or not at all if there are many unused styles in the document.
Thank you very much for your reply. I don't think VLOOLUP is the right tool. Here are the screenshots of one the client worksheets, and the summary sheet I'd like to create. I've typed out the formulas into the Summary sheet which, if I typed in this formula and changed each name, would give me all the data I need.  Thank you :)  
Hello Jessica,  I have a Surface RT, I do not get any errors when I start the Surface.  The last thing I did before the touchscreen stopped responding was a Windows update.  I took the steps that included a refresh and restore.  I still cannot get the touchscreen to respond.  Is there any other solution than taking it to a Microsoft store.  Thanks!
How were the line breaks in Excel inserted?  Did you select the text (not the cell) in Excel before copy?
Hi Matthew,  Did the issue still exists? Do you have any updates?  Thanks, QingAmanda
CTRL+Arrow Key does work, but it is very annoying that this changed. Why would I want to hold another key down while I tap another key, especially when I could previously just tap the other key? It's a backwards step in terms of accessibility/ease of use. I hope this change gets reverted by Microsoft.
Thanks Brandon.  With respect to how I modify the table in powerpoint, this is simply text entry.  I literally type into the cell and when another line is created within the cell, the cursor will skip to the end of the cell contents.  I am not sure if this answers your question, so please let me know how I can clarify.  To respond to your two bullets, this problem does occur with newly created blank documents without any template.    About Powerpoint screenshot as attached.   Thank you
Hi Wesley, Please share some updates if you need further assistance. Regards, WilliamBrandon
Thank you so much for your reply. I heard that windows 365 has the grayscale view. I'm thinking of installing windows on my Mac. Your thoughts?  By the way,  I give you props for coming up with an add on but as you stated it doesn't work in 365 mac. It does sort of ha ha.  I installed it  It doesn't give you options and it's hard to get back to the color look but at least you can see what it looks like on the screen.  I think you so much! Paul 
Hi Kellywilliams1,  Have you tried any suggestions above?  Thanks, Charles
Thanks so much for your reply!! I have followed your instructions and it has worked perfectly!1  I do have another question though! How do I replicate this to the remaining rows?? So each time Y appears in column M, I need that row to highlight Green.  Can I just replicate this or will that be a whole new formula??
Hi Andrew, Non of the download links not exists any more. Any other suggestions? Thanks -Ruwan
After you paint your model with colors and you save your model as an .obj are you getting a prompt window in 3D Builder to also save the .mtl file, after you save the .obj file?
I have Lenovo win7 home and used 2007 Office Enterprise it was working excellant but now I got the error 1719 massage and the end of windows Installer, So please solve these problems Thanks so much
Hi David,   We can understand you feeling. Based on your description, I need to confirm if the issue still exists after you reinstall and reset Office. If the issue still exists, could you please provide the following information, we will try my best to help you solve the issue? 1. The version of Office. 2. Check if all files have the issue. 3. Check if the issue occurs when you open a file from Excel. (Open Excel>Click File>select Open)   Thanks, Melissa
Hi David,  Do you have any concern? Do you need further help?  Thanks, Melissa
DanielYasofsky, re:  "is there an easy way to send an individual tab to their personal email address"  In older versions of Excel you can email a single worksheet by choosing "Send to" from the file menu.  However, Excel has been "improved" and that option, I believe is removed, (i don't know for sure as i don't rent my excel version). What you can do, is right-click the sheet tab and choose the option to copy the sheet to a new workbook and then email (via the file menu) a copy of the new workbook. '--- Jim Cone Portland, Oregon USA https://goo.gl/IUQUN2 (Dropbox) (free & commercial excel add-ins & workbooks)
Hi Paul, thanks for your reply. I'm new at this. If it isn't asking too much but would it be possible for you to walk me through the steps to do this? Any help would be greatly appreciated. If it's too involved I'll understand, no problem. Thanks.
Hello Russell, Thanks very much for your prompt and accurate answer - very much appreciated!   If I'm allowed, may I ask you one more question please? (I hope I use the correct terminology here.)   When I open a Word 2007 created document on a PC with a newer version of Word, do some work on the document and then Save the changes, some of the formatting in the newly saved document has changed. For example, some of the words in the newly saved document are now butted up against each other like this "sometimesinthemorning" instead of having the space between the words. This doesn't happen with all words, only some words, but it does happen throughout the entire document.   Is there any way to prevent this from happening?  
Hi Allison,  Can you use Spell Check? Do you have any updates?  Thanks, QingMarissa
Yes, I found where add-ins are managed but could not activate them in any way or even open the dialog.  I'm using PowerPoint for Mac from Office 365 Business, version 15.36.  However, since posting this, I opened the presentation in Keynote and proceeded.  Restarted the computer again and then when returning to PowerPoint, the My Add-ins ribbon object is now active.  Go figure.
Melinda,  Thanks for taking the time to reply - what you said makes perfect sense.  Would you know why when I try checking for updates from my Excel for Mac v 15.38 & select Office Insider Slow, I get the message that there are no updates available?  Thanks again KenEric
How do i delete an update?  Many Thanks.
Hi Nicolas1ll1pZ,  Can you use this add-in to meet your requirement? Let us know if you need further assistance.  Regards, WilliamRichard
Not sure I understand re how I do that?  (and what are XPS files?)
XPS is a Microsoft format which resembles PDF (but it isn't as widely used as PDFs, of course). The XPS Document Writer comes preinstalled in most Windows versions.  Which printer are you using? HP? Canon? Or some other model? You need to select it as the default, and you will also have to turn off "Let Windows manage my default printer"; see https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4028622/windows-10-how-to-set-a-default-printer.
Thanks again.  I'll work carefully through your instructions.  I think I know what I'm doing.
Thanks to all.  I think/I hope my problem is sorted.
Hi, ·         Were you able to play these games using earlier versions of Windows like Windows Vista or Windows XP? If the games are compatible with Windows XP then you may refer to the link provided below and follow the steps provided by Mike to troubleshoot the issue. http://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows_7-gaming/windows-xp-games-in-windows-7/21d09aca-8a95-4987-99b6-5270ab64444e
>how can I get Excel to put any hours/time AFTER 7PM and UNTIL 5AM to be inside the NIGHT Column?  Day:   C2:  =MAX(MIN(TIME(19,0,0),B2)-MAX(TIME(5,0,0),A2),0) Night:  D2:  =MAX((B2-A2)-C2,0)  This assumes that the start time will always be less than the end time and the elapsed time will be less than 24 hours.   You  have described to separate situations in your description.   If you wanted to use 6 PM rather than 7 PM then just change TIME(19,0,0) to TIME(18,0,0)  -- Regards, Jamie Ogilvy 
I just realized that I had to highlight the Excel File to do the Finder File/Get Info command. When I did that, it showed Microsoft Excel as the application and showed XLS in the preview area. I am still confused why all my files open Adobe Reader when I hit preview and add the .pdf extension. This is a new development. Maybe it is something new with the most recent version of Adobe Reader. The only option I can think of is to somehow get rid of Adobe Reader. I have looked to try to change settings in both Excel and Adobe Reader, but can't figure out how. Oh well. Still just as lost and on top of that, the printing does not even look the same because I am now printing from an Adobe PDF file instead of an Excel file. It may not seem like hijacking to you, but that is the only term I can think of. It forces me to go to Adobe Reader and change it to a PDF for viewing purposes. Thanks again.
 Dear Sir/Madam,  How i can set this code for E5 to E5000  Thanks
I would like to have this feature for Gmail in my Mail app too. I already had it but the my computer suffered a catastrophic hardware failure and I had to have a new one. Since then, I don't have focused inbox for Gmail in the Mail app anymore. I have not received any such prompt since I have had the new computer.  My Windows version is 1709 (Build 16296.0):  Could you possibly help?  Thank you.
where might I ask is the status bar?       
I have worked on it before, an never had this problem. Is it possible to NOT have to buy the renewal? 
Why cant I get pictures from my phone
It was very helpful! is there anyway to do that using powerpoint online and word online? Thank you!!
Hi Renee, Have you looked at the CountIF function? You should be able to use it count the number of rows that satisfy a condition. You can also use Pivot Charts to count the rows by year and Category. Hope this helps, Scott<>
Scott,  Can I use the CountIF in the chart axis data source, or do I need to create these in cells to contain all of the various CountIFs I would need then point the chart to it? If so, I would need to create tons of them, so I would need a separate worksheet for all of them. I'd really like to have everything contained in the charts themselves. This is going to get emailed out to many people, and I'd like it to look neat and professional.  Thanks, Renee
Hi,  Thank you for posting your question in Microsoft Community.  From the issue description, Multiple updates are failing with the error code 80070570. I will be glad to assist you.  1. What is the make and model of the computer? 2. Are you able to use the same disc on different computer? 3. Did you try installing Windows 7 from the different source? 4. Are you able to boot to the desktop? 5. Which Microsoft updates are getting failed? 6. Did you try installing chipset drivers from manufacturers website?  The information is not sufficient to answer your question. Reply us with more information by answering the above questions.
Hello Sir,  Thank You so much. It is very useful. Once more help require in excel formula. For Emp.No.999, can I get value data for last 2,3 & 4 column details by selecting any particular column in same row.
Hi,  Once more help require in excel formula. For Emp.No.999, can I get value data for last 2,3 & 4 column details by selecting any particular column in same row.  
I have Windows 7 and use Adobe Acrobat Pro DC when scanning to create pdfs. I have the same crashing problem when the scan is completed. The error menu says the program has stopped working and will be closed. Is there a fix for this? 
How do I get a new product key?
If I follow this example I believe I have the opposite problem.  I want to number only those rows that are visible in the filtered view.  I believe this solution will calculate what the row number would be if all the rows were visible (rows 1 through 42).  How can I filter my data (which would cause sporadic invisible/hidden rows throughout the list) and then only those rows that are visible?
 This link just directs you to the Homepage for Packard Bell. I can't find a compatible driver for Windows 10, only Windows XP. Does anyone have any ideas where a driver maybe hiding? 
the problem with that option, is that it shows every currently unused 'cell' with zero value as '0'.  whereas i only want the cell to 'show', that i'm working in. i now have to delete all functions in the other cells, that aren't being used. and that does not help my situation of keeping this formatted worksheet for later use.  thank you for your response  
I see. How about if I want to make a histogram specifically?
I still ended up with this. Is my application messed up? 
Hi Wedny,  Did you check the above reply? Please update when you have time.  Regards, Jessica 
From Word> About Word in the main menu, what is shown as the Version of your Office 2011 installation? It should be 14.7.7 as of now.  Which release of OS X are you running it on?  Were you able to see the template thumbnails previously? If so, what has changed on your Mac since you last were able to use them?  What happens if you select one of the categories listed below that main listing?  Are any thumbnails displayed for other categories?  What other details & history can you provide? We can't offer much help based on such limited information.
From Word> About Word in the main menu, what is shown as the Version of your Office 2011 installation? It should be 14.7.7 as of now. It is 14.7.7  Which release of OS X are you running it on? 10.12.6  Were you able to see the template thumbnails previously? If so, what has changed on your Mac since you last were able to use them? Never accessed before What happens if you select one of the categories listed below that main listing?  I get list shown below in green  Are any thumbnails displayed for other categories? Under TEMPLATES the list in green shows When I select one I get what shows in red All My Templates Print Layout View (gives me)      Labels Publishing Layout View (gives me) Blank Notebook layout view (gives me)       Simple Contemporary       Lucent Glass       Bright Academic       Snow Gloss       Beige Plastique ON LINE TEMPLATES (gives me)       Business       Industry Persona Design Sets Event Labels Education Cards Letters Holiday Paper Forms Sales Invoices Financial Mamagement Flyers Marketing Invitations Lists Avery Announcements Resumes and Cover Letters Papers and Reports Food and Nutrition Envelopes Order Annual  What other details & history can you provide? We can't offer much help based on such limited information. Trying to produce an 8.5” X 11” 16 to 20 inch program for fundraising appreciation dinner to raise money for veteran and first responder organizations.  Watched 10 u-tube tutorials but nothing helpful  Thanks for whatever advice you can provide
Thanks for the details... Apparently you have installed the final update [14.7.7] for Office 2011, but have you restarted your Mac since doing so? That may resolve the issue.  If not, please go to ~/Applications/Microsoft Office 2011/Office/Media/Templates to see if there is a Publishing Layout View folder. If the folder is there does it have categorical folders within it? If so, select several of those folders to see if they show any content.  If the Publishing Layout View folder or its content are missing it means that they have somehow been moved or removed... Either manually or by use of some sort of utility that claims to "free up disk space by removing unneeded files". It's also possible that the option was used to not include them when the software was originally installed - I can't remember whether Office 2011 offered that option in a Custom installation.  How to proceed will be determined by your reply.
Hello sir How can i upgrade account express 2009 ? for use in future  Can you help for best solotion for me.  best regards.
Hi Nicole , Thanks for the update. Has the problem been resolved? Best, AndrePaul Windows Insider MVP MVP-Windows and Devices for IT http://twitter.com/adacosta
Thank you! I was wondering if the file was deleted once I changed locations or is the file hidden?
I had my school  fix my Surface Windows RT and it said EULAID: WinBlue_R8_3_ED_ARM_O_en-us.  Could you please tell me what this means... 
Thanks for the link.  In it I saw: Are there any recommended alternatives?  Perhaps that explains why my laptop, which is a W10 OS-based system, is stable (or, at least, it's not ever crashed on me).  It's been long enough that I no longer recall, but I *believe* I downloaded WLM12 there before importing my email system from the then-XP based system I have at my desk.  It may be that I didn't notice and the at-the-time 8.0, upgraded to 8.1 and accidentally upgraded to 10 OS had the Mail cited above .  But it doesn't explain why I should have (now a total of 4, the latest being yesterday) total crashes.  That is, I get (which is very frequent, but not always crash-inducing) "WLM did not shut down correctly" or some variant, along with some variant of checking, restarting, recovering the database, or the like, the latest of which presented me with all of the standard directories under my name, all empty, and none of the sub-folders I'd so laboriously filled, again.  I've "repaired" (the process in the control panel which takes quite a while to accomplish) WLM12 several times, but if it helped, it doesn't "stick" and I'm facing another crash.  I have some difficulty believing that W7Pro, so stable that legions have resisted upgrading to 10, is the cause of these crashes.  Previously, in XP, I'd lose the general mailbox that I put all the 4 accounts I monitor into, but the independent 4 accounts all survived, frequently (see prior discussions under my name). This is far worse.  Aside from resigning myself to future laborious rescue missions (I can "usually" - it's so fragmented that after 4 reconstructions, I'm not really sure - find the emails and rebuild my directories), is there anything I can do to minimize the likelihood of recurrence?  Failing that, is there some other program which can provide the look and feel of Outlook Express and its successors without having to ditch W7Pro?  Thanks.  L8R  Gail Mail is available as a free built-in application for Windows 8.1 and above.
why can i use google and not microsoft email
I want to put photos from an e-mail in photo gallery and I can't find out how ?
You didn't address the problem.  Isn't there a setting somewhere that can turn these pulses off?   As far as my "questionable fears", read George Carlos' book "Cell Phones: Invisible Hazards in the Wireless Age:  An Insider's Alarming Discoveries about Cancer and Genetic Damage", or watch "Take Back Your Power: Uncovering a Trillion-Dollar Crime" go to  44:30.   Thanks in advance for your help! :)
Hi,  Conflicts with the audio settings is one of the possible reasons why you are having issues with your audio device. For us to assist you better, kindly answer the questions below:   Regards.
how do i know if my laptop came with sensors (location)?  i have a Toshiba Satelite laptop, the model is PSLE0U-01000R and the serial number is X8075983Q.   i want to install or reinstall the sensor for the location and make my default location where i llve.  i just need some help 
 Why would you not query the laptop manufacturer?
Thanks. Have tried all the options, but still the same result. WMDC not working properly. What I am now really looking for is a way to uninstall WMDC and reinstall the windows 10 version. What can I find it? 
Sorry, but I am a simple PC user and a lot of the technical terms are unknown to me. Although the information may lead to the solution of my issue, I can't handle it on my own. Will need outside help.
>>I used Wise Registry Cleaner to see if it would clean superfluous registry entries.  That may have been unwise.  Does this product include an "undo" capability?  If so, you probably should use it.  Most of these products do not do a particularly good job of determining what is "superfluous" and what is necessary.  What edition of Windows 7 do you have and is it 32-bit or 64-bit?  If you're not sure, click Start, right-click "Computer" and select "Properties"  What happened to your system and/or your printer before printing suddenly stopped?  Have you considered that perhaps your "couple of years" old printer has failed?  Which software did you download from the HP site to use in reinstalling the printer?  What was the filename?  Do you have any other printers installed? 
  What's WinKey?
I'm using Windows-19 Pro (64 bit) The "suggested" fixes apply to Windows -7. Any suggestions? *** Email address is removed for privacy ***
Thank you Kathryn, can I do this while offline or should I connect via Ethernet before I do it?
Well actually this works once - when I open a notepad document to enlarge it for viewing - but it does not "hold" when I save it.    The next time I open it it is mispositioned again.    Plus,  it seems I have to do this with every notepad document every time I open it.   Is there a setting or something that applies to every use of notepad?   Thanks in advance 
how would i reinstall it   it came on the computer please help  thanks :) 
I have windows 8.1 and some DVD files not working with this version what can I do please?
Dear Darrell, How to switch from a Microsoft account to a local account in windows 8.1? The disconnect button in the user account does not appear? Any solution for this problem. Best Regards, SherifPatricia Ayad
I'm a undergraduate and I have 2 questions.  1. Can I use Dreamspark windows 7 or 8.1 for commercial works like freelancing? 2. What operating system is best for 3d modeling, rendering and gaming windows 8.1 or windows 8.1 pro?  I know I cannot use other dreamspark microsoft products for commercial works. But I don't know about windows. Thanks.
I want to know which operating system has the best specifications/environment for 3d modeling, rendering and gaming. If windows 8.1 has them there is no need to buy 8.1 pro which is little bit expensive.
 i got sd card in my laptop how do i put music on it how do i do that and how do i find open it in this pc please help me  
Your instructions were clear and useful for finding the NEW calculator. Here's the issue. The new calculator is big and bulky. It looks great in many ways but it's not practical for those that use it often. It covers too much screen especially when you use the extra functions.  The original calculator wasn't flashy but it was smaller and more practical when using extra functions. I use Scientific settings for more complex math. On the left of the screenshot below is the classic calculator (which I found via YouTube but some may not want to go to third parties to reinstall this). On the right is the new calculator. The old one is smaller and easier to use taking up much less screen room when working with other windows. The new one is big and bulky and not very practical.  I for one, and I'm certain there are many others, would appreciate the CHOICE of which one to use please. Please add this option to a future update to Windows 10. Thank you!  
I am looking for the Microphone ICON to pin to the task bar. My Lenovo yoga 113 already has a built in microphone for speech to text. I do NOT want use external microphones. I just want an icon to appear, pin it to the task bar and use every moment I need text to speech dictation in Word, powerpoint, one note. Please provide specifics how to do this. Thanks, C
can i play Xbox 360 ga  mes on Xbox one
Why? It doesn't operate my hardware in any way.
Probably doing nothing wrong.  Did my example search in system32 work or did it fail?  I can't recreate the problem and I don't like to offer any idea that begin with the word "try" but now that you have an example up some other folks might have some ideas.  This has worked for some folks:  Navigate to this folder:  C:UsersYour user nameAppDataLocalMicrosoftWindows1033  Rename the file StructuredQuerySchema.bin to something you can remember like:  StructuredQuerySchema.xxx  Reboot your system (may not be necessary) and check Search again.  If things are back to normal you can delete the StructuredQuerySchema.xxx file at your leisure.   
I lost my note in Text Document. Do you have the website for it? Thanks for your support.
FOLLOW-UP:  1. What Update Version & KB number are displayed in the second line of text in IE11's Help | About [Alt+H+A] tab; e.g., Update Version: 11.0.99 (KB1231231) ?  2. Is KB4038777 [or possibly KB4038803] and/or KB4040980 listed in Installed Updates (not Update History)? [1]   ============================================== [1] Start | Control Panel | Programs and Features | View installed updates (in left-hand menu)
Did you actually type in your Product Code (which you would have gotten from the sticker on the computer itself) or did the Mysterious Evil Program just grab your Product Key automatically from the computer when you ran it? If the latter, I wouldn't worry about it. The Product Key that one can get by using key finder software on an OEM computer (Dell, HP, etc.) is the OEM's volume license key and therefore useless to pirates. The Product Key on the actual sticker is the one that belongs to you. If you did type in the Product Key on the sticker yourself, then I suppose you might try contacting Microsoft's piracy specialists. Here's the main webpage: http://www.microsoft.com/piracy/ MS-MVP - Elephant Boy Computers - Don't Panic!  Well i didnt type in the code that is on the computer, but I am fairly sure that the program took it,. The person that stole it sells computers, I will soon post a link to the site where i downloaded it if that helps. Im just not at home at the moment.
Please do not post malicious links on the forum. Instead, contact Microsoft Piracy directly so they can work with you. MS-MVP - Elephant Boy Computers - Don't Panic!  may i have a link on where to contact please
can you please tell me why i can't see a DVD's on my computer 
Thank you for your help!  So i downgraded driver, and it really helped a lot (thanks), there is no bugs anymore, but 2 finger scroll gesture (no matter vertical or horizontal) working with a huge delay like 1-3 seconds. It is working fine with edge, word, readers, so it seems to appear only to One Note (trusted windows store app).   So now i solved my issue regarding to EDGE, but OneNote became really bad not working with this scrolling gestures.   
it want let me singn in
How do i fix this
Several of my sites have had my name and passwords removed.  Several friends have indicated they have been friended AGAIN???  Amazon has sent me notice of merchandise having been delivered.  I haven't ordered anything from Amazon???  I have changed my credit cards with new ones.
Hello Gaile,  I would like to know some information about the issue so that we could help you better.  How do you access your emails? Is it through webmail or an email client or program?  I appreciate you for providing details about the issue.  I also realize the inconvenience you are experiencing due to Hotmail email issue. I will certainly help you.  This issue may occur due to incorrect email settings.  Please refer to suggestions from Giridhar J replied on May 5, 2015 and check if it helps. http://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/outlook_com/forum/oemail-oattach/cannot-view-images-from-within-outlookcom/531c83cd-4a6d-4b82-aea0-245a351b46c7  I hope this information helps.  Please do let us know if you need any further assistance.  Thank you
hi, i have two questions 1. Ctrl+Shift+Enter is not working here so what to do 2.isn't there any another way to delete the another  account ?
None of the above worked for me.  It's only affecting my Zbook15, not my self built desktop or my Yoga2Pro.  Worked when first upgrading to Win10Pro, but after some updates several weeks ago killed it.  The program will open with the Edge blue splash screen but it nevers makes it past that before just closing and shutting down.  Wasn't using it a lot due to the lack of a right click "back" option on the menu which I use all the time, but I did use it some.........David
Yeah, sure. Could Microsoft have made this any more complicated? No.
 Have you got Trusteer Rapport Installed? If so there is a conflict with Edge Uninstall Rapport & Edge should work But ensure you have AV software for Banking
For us to come up with a resolution, we'll be needing the following information:  • Did you make any changes to your PC prior to the issue? • Can you send us the screenshot of what is showing on your browser's toolbar?  Regards.
1. Are you able to go store manually? YES 2. Did you tried to open the link of the email through mail app/Web browser? OPENED BEFORE THROUGH THE EMAIL APP BUT WHEN I GOT YOUR EMAIL I ADDED "EASYMAIL FOR GMAIL" AND THEN THE LINK OPENED FROM WITHIN THE EMAIL.  This might have occurred when you try to open the link which require some app which is not installed. INTERESTING - I AM STILL TESTING OTHER SIMILAR SITUATIONS WHERE I GET THE SAME STATEMENT.  THE QUESTION IS - HOW THE HECK DO I FIGURE OUT WHICH "APP" THE LINK IS LOOKING FOR, EACH TIME I GET THIS MESSAGE.  I SUSPECT THAT CHANGING MY DEFAULT BROWSER TO EDGE MIGHT HAVE BEEN PART OF THE RESOLUTION-IF IT IS RESOLVED.  CONTINUING TO TEST.  THX Wow, thanks for your quick reply.  Here are my answers...
I have tried all 3 methods mentioned below.  I still have get the same results.  The box comes up with You'll need a new app to open this. Get SM-http. Directing me to the store when I push ok and there is no such app.   This is a monthly on-line invoice I get and I need to be able to open this so I can pay this bill.    I could open it last month and I don't know why this is any different.  What in the world caused this?
Hi Tiffany, Thanks so much. You solved it; my thumbnail photos are not showing any insignia, just the picture, which is what I wanted. I unchecked the box and also changed default app to Windows, but I have one last question: there are two Windows apps, one for Windows 10, which I have, and one, which says Windows Photo Viewer.  Does it matter which one I use? Thanks, DaffyMarvin
Development stopped in 2007; are you familiar with Photos?
Thanks for the reply, but I don't quite understand "incompatible". I actually had the drop down tool bar and used it for several days successfully . . . it became my go to search tool. Then with no warning it disappeared.  Are you sure we're talking about the same thing?
any body can help me?
Why is not showing my site in bing search engine?
Why is not showing my site in bing search engine?
In bing webmaster tools, there is option to submit url. I am asking about that option, is this submit url works? can i change urls.?
Hi Scott,  Thank you for your answer. However, as stated, the offered solution Bing Places is not available for my country.  Now what?   Thanks!
I do not have it until I get to look at my photos and files    WHY ARE THEY GONE NOW?!?!?!?
Hi Vitor,   For better assistance, we need the answer to the following questions:   We are looking forward to your response.
Print screen does not work for me. Why is M'soft so awkward on this? I shall return to Google which makes printing simple.
I did contact rewards, but have not gotten an answer, Whats up?
I use my Windows PC to locate an address on Bing Maps, and get the Bird's Eye View.  I click "share" to obtain, then copy and paste the link into an email.  I send the email to someone.  If the recipient opens the link on a PC, the Bird's Eye View is properly displayed.  If the recipient opens the link on an Android phone, they do not get the Birds's Eye View.  Instead they get a Road Map View.  I have tested this on Android 4.0.4. and on Android 6.01, with the same result.  This would be a useful feature, if it worked.  I am able to send Google Street View links, which open properly for people, but not Bing Bird's Eye View links.  Not sure if this works on Apple / iOS. Am I doing something wrong? Does anyone have an experience with this?   Is anyone using Android able to open a link to Bird's Eye View of an address, and have it display the Bird's Eye View properly on the Android device?
Hi Kevin,  Have you tried changing your account's region settings? If not, you can do so by following these steps:   Let us know how it goes.
I found a way to get the English map. Whe I change the language to English the map is in English. But it is working in my edge browser only, not Firefox.  The region cannot be changed into US or other regions, at least I could not find a solution.  Means, for maps I cannot use Firefox  KJ
Jennifer, is this a joke?
Hello Rachel,  Just to confirm, have you already provided feedback for this concern through https://www.bing.com/maps?  If you haven't, you can do so by going to the page and click on Feedback located at the bottom of the map page.  Regards.
Hello,  I gather that since this app will no longer be supported that this isn't likely to be fixed. Can anyone suggest an app on the Windows store to replace it?  David.
can I refund minecraft wondows 10 edtiond 
So now that I've drawn the path, how do I find out how long it is?
When i type in the URL "bing.com" it re-directs to another URL, as I already stated. This happens. How do I fix it?  Also, as I already stated, my language preference is set to English.  After being re-directed, I go to settings, and it shows mt preference as Chinese, and I will not allow me to change it.  Cookies are at the whatever the default value is. I have never changed it. Cookies are allowed. Let's say cookies are not not allowed, and that is why I cannot change it from Chinese to English. Then how did it get set to Chinese from the English language without my permission?!?  No one complaining about this has ever gotten a useful response from Microsoft. You know changing the language setting and enabling cookies will not fix it. You all know what is actually going on, but you refuse to tell us what is really going on. Why?  You know that none of us did anything to cause the problem, and you know that just visiting China should not screw things up so bad, and yet you blame us. Why? Also, all of your responses show that you don't even read our description of the problem, and that we've tried your useless suggestions and that don't work. What are you hiding about what you and the Chinese are doing to our computers?
Thank you for your response. I saw this solution earlier while looking for the answer. However when I hold my finger down for a second or two (or right-click) I do not get the "drop a pin" option. Instead I only get 'add a pushpin". The pushpin only delivers a highlighted circle and other photos/address of the location. I am looking to add multiple little flags or thumbtack pins simply by click on a spot on the map. Below is what I get when I right-click, or when I hold my finger on the screen:  
Hi,  Are you referring to the carousel at the bottom of the webpage?  There is a down arrow on the left just above the carousel that will hide it when clicked.
Nothing happens when I click install while in the Store for Minecraft
I used to be able to translate the English language to the Hong Kong Chinese Cantonese language on Bing Translator. Now, I can only translate it to Mainland Chinese Mandarin in both Simplified & Traditional forms.  Did they remove it? Perhaps it was on another Bing website? If it is still there, can you please send me the appropriate link? Thanks so much. Kind regards, Beth
Does this work  also, if Firefox is browser? 
Hi Paula,  Thanks for your reply.  I have tried Verification process by applying for Verify Code by Post. It is now around a month before, i have applied. But I have not received any verification code by post at my address.  Interestingly, Same day i have also applied at Google for same, and got their code by mail within 10 days.   Can you help me in getting verification code?   Thanks.  
There is no option in  Bing webmaster support , for place listings. as Bing Webmaster is useful for websites, not a BUSINESS. One More thing, there is no option available for email verification.  I hope you understand my concern. Now Tell, HOW YOU CAN HELP??
Nothing there answered my question unfortunately. How do I update/change a user to Read Only status?
Hello,  See this related thread.  Have you tried using Safari Browser?
Hi Neha,  I appreciate your research and link - however I really need to ask:  Have YOU actually had experience using Maps Feedback to achieve a change as described above?  Because if you have it will give Ariana Fashion (above) myself a bit more hope... something I've running out of - having had this same problem of No Business Icon, Nor Business Name Tag on Bing Maps for over 7 years - and after multiple Bing Feedback requests to update this information for A Spa for You Sedona Day Spa (Sedona Arizona) ...  Please get back to me and tell me the good news! ;-) THX!   XYZ
Hello,  In addition to Kevin's reply, is Bing the default search engine?  If not, make Bing default search engine and retry search for credits.  If still experiencing issues, contact Bing Rewards Team for assistance. https://www.bing.com/rewards/faq
I'm still confused about the mobile rewards.  Somewhere I read that Microsoft does not consider tablets as a mobile device, hence they do not give mobile Bing rewards points for tablets. I installed the Bing app on my iPad, and do not see that I get any mobile search rewards for any searches on it.  Some time ago, I understood that mobile search rewards are only available on smartphones.  Is this still correct?
This is purgatory.....  Where is the OPT out PAGE?????
Hi,  Thank you for contacting Microsoft Community.  I appreciate your time and effort.  I understand you don’t want to use Bing.  I will certainly help you with this. Are you using Bing desktop app?  I would suggest you to go through the below steps:  a. Press Windows key +X. b. Click on Programs and Features. c. From the list, right click on the Bing program. d. Click on uninstall. e. Reboot the computer.  I hope this information helps. Let us know if you need further assistance with Windows related issues, we’ll be glad to assist you. What issue are you facing with BING app?
  Please let us form a community and put pressure on Microsoft and Satya Nadella to make Bing Rewards available in India. After all India constitutes the largest user base for Windows and Bing. It is unfair to discriminate against us Indians when Microsoft CEO is a person of Indian Origin. I have accumulated so many points on Bong Rewards Program which I am unable to encash simply because I reside in India. I would very much like to avail myself of Microsoft's latest products, including PowerBook, and the latest software that is available for Microsoft customers in the United States. Come on my online friends, let us make use of Social Media forums like Facebook, Twitter and who knows what else, to compel Microsoft to concede our Demand! Anyone game?
Thanks again!  But I am not at a comfort level to do that.  I tried to follow your steps but somehow I messed up and stopped.   I am upgrading to Windows 10 in a few days.  Is it possible that the Bing video issue will right itself with the new Win10 install?  A few days ago I did a disk scan at boot-up, along with a full virus scan with Avast.  Windows defender also hasn't found anything.
I uninstalled the app, then re-installed the app. It worked fine until I re-booted. Then it did the same thing again. The live window works, but when I try to open it just sits there with the little circle rotating. I tried to turn of the windows firewall, but it said that it was being controlled by Norton security.
Split from this thread. How do use promo code buy games?
I'm having the same problem.  it appears that Bing Maps no longer supports KML????  Of course you can't find out anything from Microsoft.
Can you post an example?
Hi Smittychat,  Thanks for replying so quickly.  Yes, I had used that link, but would like to use it regularly and cannot figure out why it's not in "configure my site" section.  Does it mean that I have set up my Bing Master account incorrectly, or that maybe the bing authorisation code is in wrong place or has an error on it.... or what could it be do you know?  Kind Regards, Sharon
SURELY it can't be this bad! Why not just a 'Save Route' button?
You do realize you are replying to a 2 year old post, right?
Got it, it had a x come up and I hit it and swoosh gone....Thanks for your help, everone will get to know me before long, example, I have some Spanish appearing on FB's PM message, my end is in English and the person that is chatting back is in English, it's just the subject? or header? not the text in the letter. Windows 8.1  or 8 how can you tell the difference, thanks everyone....
I am also having a problem with the Microsoft Jigsaw app, as apparently are many other users. It freezes whenever certain ads appear in the lower right-hand corner of the screen, and whenever there is no ad; furthermore, other times the movement is jerky, or pieces are dropped, or returned back to where they were. I tried the "troubleshooting" approach, the final result suggesting that there may be damage to the Microsoft Store cache. I called about this problem, and was told that I needed to purchase a service plan before they could do anything about it; I told them that it was not "on me" to resolve this.
I do everything right, but when I click send, is there no message that has been sent correctly. It will be a problem of version in Brazilian Portuguese? Message I sent in Portuguese: "A Rua Albano Antonio de Camargo (CEP 05784-160) está ausente. No Google Maps já existe (https://goo.gl/maps/QOIWq), inclusive no Street View (https://goo.gl/maps/Rp2ro). Desde já, obrigado."  It would be too much to ask for you to also send the request for inclusion of this street? Thanks in advance.  See my street here: http://www.bing.com/maps/?v=2&cp=-23.619888~-46.760150&lvl=19&sty=u&form=LMLTCC
What I can do is escalate this thread to Microsoft Moderators.  Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi there,  When I attempt to verify a local listing, the only options it gives me is a phone call (multiple tries, no call) and text (which the phone isn't setup for).  I'd like to try the email option or even postcard but cannot seem to get the option to initiate. Any recommendations on how to do this?  Thanks! Rebecca
Thanks. I'll give that a try. Is there another app that calculates area? I use that tool on a daily basis in the old version.
Unfortunately no good news. The toggle for US made no difference.  I did however spend several hours trying to digress on this thing after I noticed once it came up with th eproper print screen with the options to print map, map and text or just text. then i could not reproduce it.  After much regressing, it started working again after I did not do a save after I specified a push pin. And it continued to work as I backed out for 4 or 5 repetitions. Then it stopped working and went back to non working mode. there is a mode where the editor window becomes jumpy on the screen ie it jumps ujp and down about 2 or 3 lines at about 1 cycle each 2 seconds. I think there is a bug in the editor screen management but I can't isolate it.  Thanks for the help but frustration reigns. Any other ideas? Mary
Thank you HeidiHallam62 but it would appear you need to be a paid subscriber to get the full features available on Bing.  The free OS service doesn't show all the detail, for example contour line heights above sea level.  Unless I am missing something?
To delete or rename a collection, right-click the desired folder or swipe it downward to see the app commands. Select Delete or Rename." When I right-click on a collection I get some "buttons" commands, NONE of which say "delete or rename." Just: New, Home, Pin to Start, and a list of the categories including "collections." That's it! But if you click on "collections" you just go back to "collections" again where you started. I tried this with an RF Mouse, and with the PC pad and neither worked. ???
Yes I am using the food and drink App that came installed in my new PC running Windows 8.1. It's a Toshiba laptop PC. I did all that you said to do... The computer said "Sync is up to date" and "no update needed." Then I restarted Food and Drink and right clicked the collection I wanted to rename, and same thing... Just get a Plus Sign in a circle on the left bottom, and the "pin to taskbar" and "Help" on the right bottom screen. No "rename" or "delete" at all!!???
Do you mean the ads? Mariase are there to support the future development of bing whilst giving advertisers what they are after as well as suggesting what you may also be after. You will get this kind of thing anywhere and everywhere you go, not just bing. 
Where are these locations not showing up? Bing search, Bing.com/maps, a map in your website or app? How have you been managing/uploading your location data?
What is the URL in your browser?
Thank you so much for keeping me posted on this...  The NGT appears to be working now (sort of)...  I only have one thing to ask about it: I remember that before NGT (mapcontrol.ashx?v=7.0&mkt=ngt) showed the local languages by themselves, only.   Now it seems to default as the local language together with English. It used to be that if I wanted local languages together with English I would have to use mapcontrol.ashx?v=7.0&mkt=en-us,ngt ... could you recommend any way to be able to use the local languages by themselves, without English? 
Which browser? can you check if cookie is disabled in your browser setting? 
If you (we) have copyrighted photos of a Grammy voting musician songwriter singer recording artist and retain all rights to publicly release them online how would you get them to Bing search engines? CJP-NHRecords Staff (gm)
Hi Jaclyn,  Thank you for posting your question in the Microsoft Community.  Sorry to know that you are facing this issue.  Please answer these questions to get more clarity on this issue:  Your user profile is a collection of settings that make the computer look and work the way you want it to. It contains your settings for desktop backgrounds, screen savers, pointer preferences, sound settings, and other features. User profiles ensure that your personal preferences are used whenever you log on to Windows.  Happy to know that the issue does not occur in the new user account. As the new user account is working fine, the system files associated with the old user account might be broken or corrupt.  Ensure to install all pending Windows Updates. Windows Update is a package which provides a collection of performance and reliability improvements. Windows Update helps keep your PC safer—and your software current—by fetching the latest security and feature updates from Microsoft via the Internet.  Important updates help improve the security of Windows and your computer, and they should be installed. Optional updates often are updated device drivers or program updates that aren't critical to their operation. You can install optional drivers if they add features (such as additional languages) or if you are having problems with an existing device or program.  Keep us informed to help you further.
Did you try the steps listed in Fix a corrupt user profile link?
Hi, Tommy J Creno,  Did you get the issue resolved?  Were you able to save pictures from the web to iPhone camera roll until now?  See solutions here: http://ebooksforipad.net/how-to-fix-when-photos-will-not-save-to-the-camera-roll https://discussions.apple.com/thread/2512433?start=0&tstart=0 https://discussions.apple.com/thread/3981283?start=0&tstart=0
Has this ever worked before? I'll see if I can get some suggestions for how to find out what's going on here.
I tried to do this yesterday on the site to report an image problem and it will not go through. It keeps popping up a new captcha and I have entered it correctly. I tried the audio way and it won't work either. Is there a way to contact someone to speak to them about this problem? It is quite annoying to have to go through this to correct something that shouldn't have happened in the first place. 
I am still not able to post on the site you told me too. It still will not let me past the captcha. I enter the captcha and it comes up with an error and keeps giving me a new captcha. Is there a phone number to call to speak to someone directly about my problem with both the map and the feedback system.
Hi, Bing is now installed but what a lesson; somewhere I picked up a download called Nation, something or other, and it took over my internet and would not allow Bing to be my default page; got that solved but it took a lot of work to get rid of it entirely ending up having to download a special tool from W7; thanks so much for your comments.  Semper Fi BEn
Can I get rid of bing, & if so how? 
In http://www.bing.com/mapspreview/, you can opt-out preview by clicking on the "Exit" button at the right bottom of the map, this will bring you back to http://bing.com/maps.  Hope this helps.   Appreciate if you can elaborate what you meant by "Searches are impossible.", what did you search? 
Thanks for using Bing Maps and sending feedback! Can you elaborate a bit?   Do you want to 1) the marker to show on the existing highways displayed on the map, or 2) the marker to show on the routes displayed on the map after searching for a direction from A to B  Thanks.     
I want to delete this account.
IE11 on Windows 8.1. Do you even know what I'm talking about?
Yes, I'm familiar with the preview. My question is not about that. When did the map apps go away?
  As mentioned in the OP I'm on a desktop PC (Win OS on SSD, i7 4790, R9 390, 32 GB DDR3). This is a very capable gaming rig, and easily exceeds the sys requirements. No. I never tried previously to launch the Game Bar. This is the first time I've tried and I haven't been able to get it to launch.   Changes to Windows 10? None other than the usual updates  I just tried this now. I was able to uninstall and reinstall the Xbox app. When I went to try and launch the Game Bar it flashed on the screen for about a second and then was gone. Only way to get it back was to again uninstall and reinstall the Xbox App. I was able to then launch the Game Bar and this time it stayed open. But if I then go to launch the game it disappears. I've discovered that if I toggle the slider from Off to On in Settings > Gaming >Game Bar i can get it back but it's acting really weird.  Accessing the Game bar menu locks up the screen and I have to restart Explorer to get everything back.   So I've got it to show but I'm still completely unsuccessful actually getting it to now work with a game. If I have to toggle the slider in  Settings > Gaming >Game Bar to get it to work, then the game minimizes. Then when I click to relaunch the game neither Win + G or Ctrl + Shift + G works to launch game Bar because the Settings menu is then not the active window. So I'm stuck in that fail loop. Clicking the game maximizes the game, but no Game bar .... Clicking Settings to toggle the slider allows me to show the Game Bar but the game isn't maximized to allow the Game Bar to recognize it .... I click the Game bar menu settings and it then locks up the screen .... so there's no way to activate both at the same time - I either have an active Game Bar and no game, or an active Game and no Game Bar.   So it actually shows up now but is definitely not working properly      
Thanks Michael,  Part of my problem with this was just not understanding how it's supposed to show up when it's working. Now that I understand that better, I can see that it works, but only if I use the method I mentioned to reset it for each instance of use - that is to toggle the slider from On to Off to On again in Win 10 PC Settings > Gaming >Game Bar That seems to be the only way I can get it to work. Whether that's intended function or not ... it works and I can live with that for now. I'd go to a third party app b4 spending any more time on this.   The other part is that when accessing the Game bar menu I can make changes, but for some reason it still locks up the screen and I have to restart Explorer to get everything on my desktop back. But when I reopen Game Bar the changes have been saved so it is technically working, but with the Explorer restart glitch. So 50% success with this but I don't want to waste any more time on this. I will revisit this after WIndows 10's next major update where I'll choose to reinstall the OS, rather than slipstream the updates. 
Thank you for the reply, However, I would like to know if you actually understood my question? I can create a personal map with pushpins etc, but I cannot save a created map that has been Bing.it to me via e-mail from someone else.  Example: My friend created a map with sites to visit. Bing'd.it to me and Shared. I receive the link, open it, and there it is. However, I want to save this as my map too, and add to it. NOT possible per your site (Unless of course there is a very small button or drop down buried deep and not logical to find on the SHARED map). If this is not possible (i.e., saving a shared map), then just say "This unfortunately is not possible". I would then answer with thank you, maybe this should be forwarded to suggestions for future fixes.  Try this yourself: Please create a map with multiple sites; save it for your self, then SHARE it to another e-mail address or your Windows 8.1 Phone (colleague in your office or wherever). You will notice that you CAN NOT save this map as your own (if it is NOT your own Live.com or Bing Account).  Notice, I said a different account, because of course if you log into your own account, it will be there.  While I appreciate the help in answering this, it is frustrating that I did not convey my question better. I really don't want to utilize Google Maps as I am a Windowsphile.  I don't know but these forums tend to be frustrating.  Thank you for your time.  Fred Frye, DVM
Thanks for the answer but first, my name isn't Terry :D  Second, the FAQ link you gave me contains help for the main categories of the app itself. I don't want to change the order of the items on the 'Home' screen, but to change the way my recipe is showing.  I want to be able to add a new recipe, then create two categories for the ingredients. For example 1 column for the cake ingredients, and a separate column for the flan ingredients, as shown on the screenshot above.
thanks for the response, the virus / malware is or has something to do with click.sureonlinefind.com I found that in the browser history, this is some kind of hacker thing that I am trying to understand how to remove. It is hard to see how to remove it because even the websites of the places to fix it are being redirected.  This is something I am trying to get around by using another computer to look up how to fix.  Do you know of any sites that have instructions on them that I can trust? 
Did it work?
Thanks.  Now I need to know if you can do the same in Windows Phone 8.0.  Have posted that as another topic.
Well I thought this worked but When I select Sync and Personalize, my favorites disappear from My PC. If I turn it off they come back. Why is Microsoft always so difficult? Nothing is ever easy!
I never got my redemption code. I followed the steps,  I am taken to the redeem a code screen, but I have no code?  
how long will it take 
Tanoshimi,  Thank you very much for the prompt response. However, I am a consumer and I unfortunately don't have a way to use the REST or SOAP API's.  Is there an end-user method from the Bing Maps User Interface?
Appreciate your response. I tried both plex and Autodesk Map 3D. However, both of them import data from bing as 2D Maps.   However, we need to import the 3d models of buildings from bing. Wondering whether this is possible  Thanks, Monica
You're welcome for the info.  Do you have more than 15 apps installed?  Try deleting ones you don't use to determine if the apps work better. Do  a soft reset. A soft reset does not lose data. it is like pulling the battery. Hold the volume down button and the power button down until the phone vibrates, release. This takes about 10 seconds.  The phone will shutdown and restart.  Retry food entries, etc....
Thanks, I'll try there as well.  Also if anybody know of another mapping program or site that can do it already, I would try and compare.
Hello and thank you for replying.  The primary acct. in which i was having issues was a microsoft acct and the other two accts. were child accts. and are local accounts.  I tried switching the problematic acct. from a connected acct. to a local acct. but the issue has not been resolved. The watchlist still doesn't load in that acct.  I also created another administrator acct. on the PC for myself which i connected to my microsoft acct, but there the watchlist is coming, but the weird part is that the stocks i had entered in the watchlist are showing blank data and not loading.  Also, i noticed that in my original user acct. on the pc ( with which i started having problems ), in the Metro apps i get a minimise button in the top right corner next to the x icon to close the app, but in the new administrator profile that i created and now connected to my microsoft acct., that minimise button seems to be missing.  I tried running the SFC / SCANNOW in the RUN window, but the window disappears once i click for the command to run.  Any suggestions please ?
Thanks. However, that would be on Windows 8 PC. I just have a Windows phone and a Win 7 Laptop. Any way I can share using my phone itself ?
? What about in the 'My Places' section? Can that be changed? Thanks
Hi,  Is this with My Places in Bing Maps?  Click on the Feedback link located in Bing Maps (lower left) and select "Report A Problem".  Or, use this link to Contact Support. https://feedback.discoverbing.com/default.aspx?productkey=binglocal
Thank you for the reply but I had tried all of this but I am still unable to install for the same reason as stated above.  Is there anything else I can do?
Thank you VERY MUCH Todd this fixed the problem on Windows :-)  Though, whilst not as important for me, this settings procedure didn't work for Android. I assume some other setting somewhere?
I'm in Australia & I don't have the blue Pegman showing in Bing Maps on Windows 7 or on my android tablet on either IE, Firefox or Chrome. I tried within BingMaps to change my location to  USA, but still no luck. How do I get access to Streetside imagery & the blue Pegman?   Please help.
Hi Smitty Chat,  Thanks for the reply.  The fix (for Windows) via Microsoft on this forum was to:  QUOTE  While this feature may not be available for several regions, you may still be able to see the streetside icon on the maps toolbar by following the steps below: UNQUOTE  My thanks to Shekhar for this. The blue pegman now appears.  However this technique didn't work for Android. I assume some other setting somewhere?  Re your reply:  I get no dual rectangle on lower right of screen. The map sits anchored in the lower right with no accessible settings there. A feature that appears not to be available here. I assume some other setting on Android interfaces with Bing Maps that is still tying me to Australia?  
I am disappointed.  On Google you can just click any Pin and select Measure, then drag two dots to see the distance between them.    I use this feature at work, but anyone might want this tool at any given moment.  A kid could see how far he threw his football.   I don't think you realize how trivial this would be to add.  Answers from Microsoft to other posts include more than half the code necessary.  For example, http://tinyurl.com/l6yl8wy   If this feature (see http://1drv.ms/1tdtqvn) isn't on the road map, where do I complain?   
Thanks. Is there any way to make "venue maps" the default?  This needs to be more obvious. "Venue Maps"? At best, it is an obscure use of language. Worse yet, it is only visible at the beginning of your search. Why not a toggle to turn the feature on and off?
Are you saying the button was retired at the end of 2011 that leads to all of these nice features?  If that is the case, why do you also suggest I optimize my browser and clean up silverlight?   I am interested in the bottom line of whether these features still exist or not.  
How do I change the label displayed for a polygon in Bind Maps?  Have edited the polygon and named it.  Bing Maps displays its numbers. Also, can I enlarge the label's font size?
Thanks. I actually did that and it directed me to provide feedback via this site/group and, once here, creating a new question appeared the only way to provide feedback. Is this another feature request or a bug? Thanks again, I do appreciate you trying to help. 
On both Windows Phone 8.1 update 1 and Windows 8.1.  No 3rd party antivirus.  Logged into my Microsoft account.   The app runs, it displays current top stories.  But, "My News" and certain of my favorite teams are 30 to 55 days outdated now.  The Dallas Cowboys and San Antonio Spurs newsfeeds are outdated, but Houston Astros and Texans are current.  Same behavior on both phone and multiple windows 8.1 PCs, so the problem is most likely not with my devices.
Thank you.  It was right under my nose!  Wonder if this data is (or will be) available in one's HealthVault.
How do I generate a map from one entry in My Places to another entry in My Places? The previous "answer" did not answer my question.  I know how to put a place in My Places.  What I cannot figure out is how to use entries in My Places to generate a map.  If I have my home and the symphony in My Places, how do I use these to generate a map from my home to the symphony?
This still does not answer my question.  What is the point of saving MY Places if you cannot use them to get directions to or from them?  Why can't I find a way to take may places and use them as one or both locations to get directions?
Thanks Courtney.  But how do I select the circuit for the next training session?
What is the make/model of the phone? Have you tried a soft reset to sync the apps  Check for App Updates Open Windows Store Click on Settings Select App Updates
There have been multiple updates to the App since this query was posted. Are you still having this issue? What version of App are you on?
Did you click on the Pushpin?  The Edit option appears when you click on it.
The problem is on my windows 8 tablet and don't know where to right click to use the command.
Here is a screenshot of where the "send to email" was before I accidentally clicked on "hide" in the dropdown menu. To get to this place, I opened a news story, scrolled to the right, then clicked on "share," which brought up this blue menu where I right clicked on an icon that said "email" and accidentally clicked "hide." Now, I can't figure out how to retrieve or "unhide" the email icon. Does this make sense? Thanks for your help!    
Excellent, thanks so much, enabling POP worked beautifully!  Do you have a procedure to assist similarly with my gmail account?
winkey and 1 does not open charmsbar, opens window that say "my pc"  now what do I do
This is not exactly what I was looking for.  If you type in New York you will get the city not the state.  However, I have found how to do this with the REST api and it will need to be the approach I take as this is for a store locator (we have a Bing agreement).  Thanks  
Are you still seeing this? Do you mean you see the same headlines every time you launch the app? The headlines should update automatically..
   This still doesn't answer the question...the steps do not show up in the recipe, unless you go back in to edit the recipe...
Thanks.  The GPU change didn't fix it, and after reading through the link, I tried things like disabling add-in's and adding bing to the safe list in Privacy. That didn't do it.  In the end, I did a full RESET of IE, preserving my settings (leaving the check box clear). That fixed it.   Still not sure what caused it.
Thanks Zigzag, Whats near future? Before Christmas? And how will we find out about its availability? Regards Craig
Do you remember which sources you have added? I'll contact the dev team and ask why this could happen.
Thanks for that explanation but what if a Bing search bar doesn't show up on your desktop?  Is there something more to install or a setting to change?  Thanks  tash
Bing is still crashing down to the Taskbar today Monday 4-28-14. The most recent updates are all windows defender updates. They  cannot be un-installed. Is Bing News now Malware?
Hi,  Have you installed HealthVault App? http://apps.microsoft.com/windows/en-US/app/healthvault/728f1c88-7e2f-4b40-95c1-74fc09983689 Have you tried resyncing FitBit?  Troubleshoot problems with an app http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-8/what-troubleshoot-problems-app  
Both Bing Fitness and HealthVault are installed on my Surface Pro and my Windows 8 phone.  FitBit data shows in HealthVault and Bing Fitness shows connected to HealthVault.  Troubleshooting link: Surface Pro patched, all rules set to Allow, no GPOs, apps patched and reinstall did not help.  Any other ideas?
What do you mean by base station????  My Fitbit USB is plugged into my Surface Pro and is syncing with the HealthVault. And the Bing app is installed on the Surface Pro. 
Hi there,  Welcome to Microsoft Community.  Could you check in Event Viewer if there are any errors? To get to Event Viewer:  Event Viewer collects all errors and crashes and lists them. It may have an error about Bin News Crashing. Expand Windows Logos and click Application. Are there any erros there? If there is, please list them on here.  Uninstall Bing News App and Re-install It.  To resolve these issues, install and run the following tool to quickly uninstall all affected apps from your device. After this process is complete, you can reinstall the uninstalled Bing apps from the Windows Store.  Let me know if you still need help after using the above suggestions!  Cheers, Leo UninstallAllBingApps.cab
Thanks for getting back in-touch. Is there any events in Event Viewer?
Recovery? What if I just go to the store and download the app wouldn't it replace the existing?
Thanks for your reply, of course I already did everything you mentioned and everything is mentioned in the troubleshooter. We don't live in Menton, so the only solution could be use the "Current Location" the first time I will be there, but even if it could solve the issue on my father tablet I can't move there my sister desktop. ;) As I mentioned in my forst post it's likely I used the "Current Location" on my tablet so now it's in the correct position for me, but I'm not sure if I did that. Just courious, did you try finding Menton on your system? It's in the correct position?  Because if it's in the wrong position maybe there is something wrong with the Bing Weather app, if so they must fix it ;)  Thanks again 
 Thanks for the reply!  Unfortunately, I've already done that and it comes up saying I have no extensions, so that option seems to be  out.  Any other ideas?
I'm very curious as to how this came about. Did you link your Bing Rewards account with your Facebook account?
Haven't seen a metro app for this yet, but Google has Image Search.. is this the type of app you are referring to? This finds the exact image (mostly), not an alternate image of the same subject.
Received following [automated] 'response' re above questions from Micro$oft:  #1  Yup! #2  Nope!   Mark what post?? #3  Huh?  ...  Whaaa? ... What's the point, exactly?? Let us know:
Hi,  Did you have any recent software updates?   Troubleshoot an app http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-8/what-troubleshoot-problems-app  Or perform a System Restore to date/time before the issue occurred http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-8/restore-refresh-reset-pc
There were no software updates that I know of.  But the problem seemed to "correct" itself.  Within a day or two everything started working properly.  But today (4/15) it has been acting up again.  It won't load Maps, Health & Fitness, News, Sports, Food & Drink, Travel.  And since I'm using IE I can't do any searches... locks up everything and I have to restart my computer.  But I can search if I use Firefox.  Do you think my problem is Internet Explorer?  Sorry... not very computer literate when it comes to stuff like this. 
Hello -  Thanks for the info ... this is a 3rd party item ... does  bing wallpaper support it directly?
I went in to Internet Explorer and deleted:  - Temporary Internet files and website files - Cookies and website data - History  but also ticked:  - Preserve Favourites website data  Just had a Bing News announcement.  Clicked on it and had a brief read.  Then a few minutes later the same announcement re-appeared - this time I clicked on close.  ... and since then, nothing!   Solution seems to be to close the announcement when it appears?  Sydney, your suggestions may also be key.  Whatever we're down from 4 or 5 announcements to just 2 which is great.  Regards
Original Title: Bing Weather   Windows 8.1 offers the opportunity to load local weather. Can someone advise why day and night, sunshine or rain the visibility is always shown as 6metres?
VickiCents  I just did a Google search on Bing bar V7.2 and there are only 4 hits and three of them are nto in English.  My gut feeling says it is not legitimate.  Good Catch  IF you mouse over (dont click) more information & support information on the right where do the links point?
Team ZigZag and MS Community,     Could you, or someone in the Community, point me and Mary in the right direction(s)?  I am wondering how to deal with this bogus update that sits in my Optional Updates bucket.  And, mtnbeebalmMary probably has a more delicate problem.     Does official MS Support monitor this MS Community forum?  Do you think we will hear from Support after this long Labor Day weekend?  Or, do we have to post something in that forum?     Thanks again to Team ZigZag.  I will be sure to weigh in with some kudos once this fiasco is over.
VickiCents and Team ZigZag,   Sad to report that my system crashed. Have spent all day recovering, restoring my  system to pre-crash levels. Ran Kaspersky's Pure 3.0 and the Microsoft MRT for August last night, with no viruses detected. Started up the PC this morning, and kept getting big red X warnings and messages...files not available, not accessible, needing Administrator permissions...and I AM the Administrator! So, now my system seems to be up and running again sans Bing and sans IE10. Thanks FiveVickiCents for your postings. I hope you get the helpful assist you're looking for. Unfortunately, I just got mine too late...but at least I got it, thanks to you!! Because of this experience, I'm now wondering just how safe it is to download, with blind trust, the updates from the update panel. How easy is it for a malicious hacker to place something that looks like an update there?...or am I being too paranoid??  Bitten by something....and thankful for the MS Community Forum! mtnbeebalmMary Windows 7 Pro,SP1 HP Compaq 6200 Pro SFF
Hi Thank you for reply. Bing support has no uk working phone number. Tried to submit email report abuse on my bing search but was asked for account numbers and other details like credit card details. I put 0000 in and it seemed to send it . But it should be on line uk phone mumber to report false abuse of my web site search on Bing. I am not happy this abuse is costing us lost sales and it is all Bing fault . Who placed that on my search "Fake Oakley discount sunglasses on sale " Some one need to get on to this straight away. I need this sorting out urgently.  
By "inverted commas" I assume you mean something surrounded by single apostrophes, such as 'some_phrase'.  Thanks for the information !  Is there any help file which explains all of Bing's searching options ?
I haven't got any of the browsers that support Adblock Plus!
Hi Babu,  Thank you for posting your query in Microsoft Community.  Let me ask you;  Your question does not contain all the required information needed for us to help you. I would suggest you to provide more details regarding the issue you’re facing. Please see the article provided below, which will guide you on how to ask questions.  Suggestions for asking a question on help forums  Please revert to this response along with answers to questions asked, we will be glad to help you further.
Are you using this Widget?  See: Visualizing Entities http://www.bing.com/webmaster/help/bing-knowledge-widget-how-to-install-and-configure-a0de7aba
Someone got back to me pretty quickly and showed that one page was indexed. Which was different from before I made this post. While I hope that it indexes more than just the home page, I look at other sites I administer and so many are being less and less indexed.  Is there a reason this is happening? I tried searching for cases of this happening and it seems like this has been going on for years. Not sure how I've been free of this problem until now since I haven't made broad changes.  All of the sites in question have been submitted using http://www.bing.com/webmaster/SubmitSitePage.aspx and some of them using the webmasters tools, so I'm not sure how concerned I should be.  Or should everything I just wrote have also been directed towards the webmaster support link?
where is that "bing listens" thing?  I tried the feedback link, but it wouldn't let me type in it (in FireFox).
Hi Jeff Rajput,  Thank you for your reply. To answer your questions:   1. Google Chrome Version 47.0.25. Tried also with IE and nothing (still not returning a result for that video) 2. Yes, I have an AV (Trend Micro Office Scan), but I do not think this is relevant, because I can replicate this issue also on my other machines without AV installed.   Full URL for Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-jM4yi60N4  Also, as a pattern, I noticed that bing is unable to return results for new created and uploaded youtube videos.   How is bing searching for those videos? Adding extra tag(meta-tag) should help, right?  For me, it didn't help (adding extra tags) !!
what is a url
What I did so far: Setting > Change PC Settings > Search and apps > Search There I changed anything related to big to off and don't use. And still when I search in internet explorer it's going to the bing search engine. And I want to make google.com my default search engine. What else should I do ?
I thought WIND wasn't in anything further East than Manitoba?  The Microsoft Store has Windows Phones that work on WIND. Just be sure to read the fine print of the model you're interested in as not all phones there will work on WIND.
Could anyone tell me what specs i need to know, to know if a particular model of windows phone, that i wish to purchase will work on WIND mobiles network in London ont. Canada? Is the only spec. I need to consider if the phone runs at 1700+2100 AWS? If anyone knows which particular WINDOWS PHONE models will work on WIND mobiles network in London Ont. Canada, that would be very helpfull. So far my search for a new windows phone has been a big dissapointment. Last reply didn't really answer my question. Thank you.
  What exact fine print are you referring to? I spoke to a WIND mobile rep. & he told me that if the model of windows phone that i wanted to purchase, runs at 1700+2100 mhz, that the phone should work on WINDs network. But also said i should take the phone to the WIND store first!!!! This makes no sense at all. What exact fine print of technical jargon do i need to know, to determine if a particular model of WINDOWS PHONE will work on WINDs network? Any help would be appreciated. Thank you.
   There are so many variables with Wind it seems.  I am in the same situation - Love Wind but they need a phone that is Windows 10 compatible - time to get with the times...  I looked on ebay for something but again - never know if it's going to work on the Wind frequencies.  The answer to check the Microsoft website isn't a good answer - they have no idea who Wind is and likely them getting you pointed in the correct direction is pretty slim.    Somebody has to have tried this already.. Anyone???
I recently purchased a BLU win HD LTE from Microsoft directly. This is the only windows phone that works with WIND MOBILES network. This phone is a double sim phone- which allows you to have two separate lines with two different company. As well, it turns an 8gb storage cap. To double that. With the extras that come with the phone its a good buy. Its also windows 10 com.has an 8mp cam.
How do you get the Time dropdown  I get 6,180,000 results Narrow by language Only EnglishMoreNarrow by region  I also cannot see how to sort the results.  I have tries using Bing on "Florida East Coast"as per theexample  I am using IE on Windows 10(UK)  Like many other users I rely on the Time selection in Google to only list the latest pages on Windows 10, MH370 or any long running event!  As the Internet ages and early entries are not deleted this facility becomes even more essential
Thanks - Yes it works and displays the feature BUT I cannot use it as Bing returns US not UK replies eg searching on "Stores" returns US stores eg Sears etc not UK stores!  So when are MS going to make the feature generally available?  In the meantime Bing (non US) is unusable for many searches!  
The majority of Searches I want to perform are news items or ones where the result are from many different sites hence SEO is probably a hindrance rather a benefit as it could hide important results.  I KNOW THE ANSWER IS SIMPLE JUST USE GOOGLE AS I Have done for many years.  I just checkout Bing every so often to see if they have seen the light and added the time feature.  It seems that they have for US customers BUT one else.  WHY!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Thanks Smitty.  I did get the app for my newer Android, but cannot for the older one. For that one, whose support team should I contact? ( It is difficult to contact Support Teams, I have found.)
Follow up from Matthew A15:  Thank you for the reply Smity. My first question after I wrote my post was would anyone reading it understand the issue or what I was describing. After I read your reply I began to think of a better way to describe it.  I searched "Bing Image search" and found a picture of the "popup screen" I was mentioning, it can be viewed at:  http://cdn2.ubergizmo.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/bing-image-search.jpg . Now as I described the search page is in the background of the screen and the "popup window that has the options like enlarge, play slideshow.  When I searched "Bing Video search" I found a picture of the search result page for video, view here:  http://www.liveside.net/wp-content/images/2013/09/Bing-Video-Search.jpg. Now with each of these videos you see small icons on each video that would allow you to view the preview of the video (short few seconds) or if the video had to be viewed on the hosts page. Also a picture of the popup from a video viewed here: http://www.sitepronews.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/Bing-video-search-4.jpg . Now in this you could watch the video while still on bing without a redirect (unless the video was marked that it was a redirect).  This is what I am looking for that browser/settings. Currently if I wish to search image or video I get a new window redirects to another site as well as only being able to view 28 (4x7) images before needing to go to the next page (the old version would just keep added them to bottom of page as well as having suggestions for other searches that could match). How do I get that version back? 
Follow up: I am using Win XP and IE8.  I click the image in both image and video search. They now do redirects, not the popup. I know it sounds like a broken record. I dont wish to have to click them one by one andbeing redirected each time, I want the popup viewer and slideshow. 
Hello,  Content Removal: Report Broken Links or Outdated Cache Pages http://www.bing.com/webmaster/help/bing-content-removal-tool-cb6c294d  How do I Report an Issue With Bingbot? http://www.bing.com/webmaster/help/how-to-report-an-issue-with-bingbot-25c19802  If you've tried the two steps above and are still experiencing issues, email Bing Webmaster http://www.bing.com/webmaster/help/webmaster-support-24ab5ebf  The information above could be found using the link provided by Brian Debbarmar, Support Engineer had you looked for it. 
What exactly was your procedure?  I am talking about searching Bing for News stories with the string FBI. I am NOT talking about doing a normal Bing search for the string FBI.  For example: Go to Bing, hit news at the top, then type FBI into the search. Alternatively, do a normal Bing search for FBI and then hit the news button under the search bar (next to images, etc).  It is still claiming no results found. It does this on both of my cell phones and all of my computers regardless of browser. In turn, the inability to search for the string FBI also is preventing the windows phone official news app from reporting news stories on the topic FBI.  http://www.bing.com/news/search?q=fbi&qs=n&form=NWBQBN&pq=fbi&sc=8-3&sp=-1&sk=
Hello Jeremy,  Thank you very much. My listing is verified, but still no website link and other ideas ?  Thank you.
Hello ! ... but download  function only with Internet Explorer...with Chrome don't function...
Hi,  Are you using the quotation marks?  Inlieu of quotation marks try using parenthesis.  Ex: (JavaScript)  
